admin/enterprise-management/caching-repositories/about-repository-caching.md, before:

---
title: 关于存储库缓存
intro: 您可以使用存储库缓存提高分散的团队和 CI 服务器场的 Git 读取操作性能。
versions:
  ghes: '>=3.3'
type: overview
topics:
  - Enterprise
ms.openlocfilehash: 06a0dd3ba202c73f1ee035d61f7865fadd13b415
ms.sourcegitcommit: fb047f9450b41b24afc43d9512a5db2a2b750a2a
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/11/2022
ms.locfileid: '145100053'
---
{% data reusables.enterprise.repository-caching-release-phase %}

如果您的团队和 CI 服务器场位于世界各地，则主要 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 实例的性能可能会降低。 虽然活动异地副本可以提高读取请求的性能，但这是以限制写入吞吐量为代价的。 要减少主实例上的负载并提高写入吞吐量性能，您可以配置存储库缓存，这是位于这些地理位置分散的客户端附近的存储库的异步只读镜像。 

存储库缓存通过在 CI 场和分散的团队附近提供存储库数据，不再需要 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 通过长途网络链路多次传输相同的 Git 数据以服务于多个客户端。 例如，如果您的主实例位于北美，并且您在亚洲也拥有大量业务，那么在亚洲设置存储库缓存以供 CI 运行者使用将很有益。

存储库缓存侦听主实例（无论是单个实例还是异地复制的实例集），以查找对 Git 数据的更改。 CI 场和其他读取量大的使用者克隆并从存储库缓存（而不是主实例）中提取。 更改以定期间隔在网络上传播，每个缓存实例一次，而不是每个客户端一次。 Git 数据通常会在数据推送到主实例后的几分钟内在存储库缓存中可见。  {% ifversion ghes > 3.3 %}CI 系统可以使用 [`cache_sync` Webhook](/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#cache_sync) 来响应缓存中可用的数据。{% endif %}

您可以精细控制允许哪些存储库同步到存储库缓存。 Git 数据将仅复制到指定的位置。

{% data reusables.enterprise.repository-caching-config-summary %} 有关详细信息，请参阅“[配置存储库缓存](/admin/enterprise-management/caching-repositories/configuring-a-repository-cache)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@8578cc27 by PCIT

admin/enterprise-management/caching-repositories/about-repository-caching.md, after:

---
title: About repository caching
intro: You can increase the performance of Git read operations for distributed teams and CI farms with repository caching.
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Enterprise
---

{% data reusables.enterprise.repository-caching-release-phase %}

If you have teams and CI farms located around the world, you may experience reduced performance on your primary {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} instance. While active geo-replicas can improve the performance of read requests, this comes at the cost of limiting write throughput. To reduce load on your primary instance and improve write throughput performance, you can configure a repository cache, an asynchronous read-only mirror of repositories located near these geographically-distributed clients. 

A repository cache eliminates the need for {% data variables.product.product_name %} to transmit the same Git data over a long-haul network link multiple times to serve multiple clients, by serving your repository data close to CI farms and distributed teams. For instance, if your primary instance is in North America and you also have a large presence in Asia, you will benefit from setting up the repository cache in Asia for use by CI runners there.

The repository cache listens to the primary instance, whether that's a single instance or a geo-replicated set of instances, for changes to Git data. CI farms and other read-heavy consumers clone and fetch from the repository cache instead of the primary instance. Changes are propagated across the network, at periodic intervals, once per cache instance rather than once per client. Git data will typically be visible on the repository cache within several minutes after the data is pushed to the primary instance.  {% ifversion ghes > 3.3 %}The [`cache_sync` webhook](/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#cache_sync) can be used by CI systems to react to data being available in the cache.{% endif %}

You have fine-grained control over which repositories are allowed to sync to the repository cache. Git data will only be replicated to the locations you specify.

{% data reusables.enterprise.repository-caching-config-summary %} For more information, see "[Configuring a repository cache](/admin/enterprise-management/caching-repositories/configuring-a-repository-cache)."
