admin/configuration/configuring-your-enterprise/configuring-rate-limits.md, before:

---
title: 配置速率限制
intro: '您可以使用 {% data variables.enterprise.management_console %} 为 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 配置速率限制。'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/configuring-rate-limits
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/configuring-rate-limits
  - /admin/configuration/configuring-rate-limits
versions:
  enterprise-server: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Infrastructure
  - Performance
---

### 为 {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise_api %} 启用速率限制

在 {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise_api %} 上启用速率限制可以防止个别用户或未通过身份验证的用户过度使用资源。 更多信息请参阅“[REST API 中的资源](/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting)”。

{% if currentVersion ver_gt "enterprise-server@2.21" %}
您可以使用管理 shell 中的 `ghe-config` 实用程序从 API 速率限制中排除用户列表。 更多信息请参阅“[命令行实用程序](/enterprise/admin/configuration/command-line-utilities#ghe-config)”。
{% endif %}

{% note %}

**注**：{% data variables.enterprise.management_console %} 列出了每种速率限制的时限（按分钟或按小时）。

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
2. 在“Rate Limiting”下，选择 **Enable API Rate Limiting**。 ![用于启用 API 速率限制的复选框](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/api-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
3. 输入对每个 API 的已验证和未验证请求的限制，或者接受预先填入的默认限制。
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

### 启用滥用率限制

设置滥用率限制可保护 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上的整体服务等级。

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
2. 在“Rate Limiting”下，选择 **Enable Abuse Rate Limiting**。 ![用于启用滥用率限制的复选框](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/abuse-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
3. 输入总请求限制、CPU 限制或对搜索的 CPU 限制，或接受预先填入的默认限制。
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

### 启用 Git 速率限制

您可以按仓库网络或用户 ID 应用 Git 速率限制。 Git 速率限制以每分钟并行操作数表示，不过会根据当前 CPU 负荷进行调整。

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
2. 在“Rate Limiting”下，选择 **Enable Git Rate Limiting**。 ![用于启用 Git 速率限制的复选框](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/git-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
3. 输入对每个仓库网络或用户 ID 的限制。 ![仓库网络和用户 ID 限制的字段](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/example-git-rate-limits.png)
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

admin/configuration/configuring-your-enterprise/configuring-rate-limits.md, after:

---
title: Configuring rate limits
intro: 'You can set rate limits for {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} using the {% data variables.enterprise.management_console %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/configuring-rate-limits
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/configuring-rate-limits
  - /admin/configuration/configuring-rate-limits
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Infrastructure
  - Performance
---
## Enabling rate limits for {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise_api %}

Enabling rate limits on {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise_api %} can prevent overuse of resources by individual or unauthenticated users. For more information, see "[Resources in the REST API](/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting)."

{% ifversion ghes %}
You can exempt a list of users from API rate limits using the `ghe-config` utility in the administrative shell. For more information, see "[Command-line utilities](/enterprise/admin/configuration/command-line-utilities#ghe-config)."
{% endif %}

{% note %}

**Note:** The {% data variables.enterprise.management_console %} lists the time period (per minute or per hour) for each rate limit.

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
2. Under "Rate Limiting", select **Enable HTTP API Rate Limiting**.
![Checkbox for enabling API rate limiting](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/api-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
3. Type limits for authenticated and unauthenticated requests for each API, or accept the pre-filled default limits.
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

## Enabling secondary rate limits

Setting secondary rate limits protects the overall level of service on {% data variables.product.product_location %}.

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% ifversion ghes > 3.1 %}
2. Under "Rate Limiting", select **Enable Secondary Rate Limiting**.
   ![Checkbox for enabling secondary rate limiting](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/secondary-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
{% else %}
2. Under "Rate Limiting", select **Enable Abuse Rate Limiting**.
    ![Checkbox for enabling abuse rate limiting](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/abuse-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
{% endif %}
3. Type limits for Total Requests, CPU Limit, and CPU Limit for Searching, or accept the pre-filled default limits.
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

## Enabling Git rate limits

You can apply Git rate limits per repository network or per user ID. Git rate limits are expressed in concurrent operations per minute, and are adaptive based on the current CPU load.

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
2. Under "Rate Limiting", select **Enable Git Rate Limiting**.
![Checkbox for enabling Git rate limiting](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/git-rate-limits-checkbox.png)
3. Type limits for each repository network or user ID.
  ![Fields for repository network and user ID limits](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/example-git-rate-limits.png)
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}
