index.md, before:

---
title: '{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% ifversion fpt or ghec%}.com{% endif %} 帮助文档'
featuredLinks:
  gettingStarted:
    - /get-started/quickstart/set-up-git
    - /github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh
    - /repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories
    - /github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax
  popular:
    - /pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
    - /authentication
    - /get-started/importing-your-projects-to-github/importing-source-code-to-github/adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github
    - /get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories
    - /pages
versions: '*'
children:
  - get-started
  - account-and-profile
  - authentication
  - repositories
  - admin
  - billing
  - site-policy
  - organizations
  - code-security
  - pull-requests
  - issues
  - actions
  - copilot
  - codespaces
  - packages
  - search-github
  - developers
  - rest
  - graphql
  - github-cli
  - discussions
  - sponsors
  - communities
  - pages
  - education
  - desktop
  - early-access
  - support
childGroups:
  - name: Get started
    octicon: RocketIcon
    children:
      - get-started
      - account-and-profile
      - authentication
      - billing
      - site-policy
  - name: Collaborative coding
    octicon: CommentDiscussionIcon
    children:
      - codespaces
      - repositories
      - pull-requests
      - discussions
  - name: CI/CD and DevOps
    octicon: GearIcon
    children:
      - actions
      - packages
      - pages
  - name: Security
    octicon: ShieldLockIcon
    children:
      - code-security
  - name: Client apps
    octicon: DeviceMobileIcon
    children:
      - github-cli
      - desktop
  - name: Project management
    octicon: ProjectIcon
    children:
      - issues
      - search-github
  - name: Developers
    octicon: MarkGithubIcon
    children:
      - developers
      - rest
      - graphql
  - name: Enterprise and Teams
    octicon: OrganizationIcon
    children:
      - organizations
      - admin
  - name: Community
    octicon: GlobeIcon
    children:
      - communities
      - sponsors
      - education
      - support
externalProducts:
  atom:
    id: atom
    name: Atom
    href: 'https://atom.io/docs'
    external: true
  electron:
    id: electron
    name: Electron
    href: 'https://electronjs.org/docs'
    external: true
  codeql:
    id: codeql
    name: CodeQL
    href: 'https://codeql.github.com/docs'
    external: true
  npm:
    id: npm
    name: npm
    href: 'https://docs.npmjs.com/'
    external: true
---

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@5381ba4d by PCIT

index.md, after:

---
title: '{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% ifversion fpt or ghec%}.com{% endif %} 帮助文档'
featuredLinks:
  gettingStarted:
    - /get-started/quickstart/set-up-git
    - /github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh
    - /repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories
    - /github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax
  popular:
    - /pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
    - /authentication
    - /get-started/importing-your-projects-to-github/importing-source-code-to-github/adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github
    - /get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories
    - /pages
redirect_from:
  - /github
  - /articles
  - /common-issues-and-questions
  - /troubleshooting-common-issues
versions: '*'
children:
  - get-started
  - account-and-profile
  - authentication
  - repositories
  - admin
  - billing
  - site-policy
  - organizations
  - code-security
  - pull-requests
  - issues
  - actions
  - copilot
  - codespaces
  - packages
  - search-github
  - developers
  - rest
  - graphql
  - github-cli
  - discussions
  - sponsors
  - communities
  - pages
  - education
  - desktop
  - early-access
  - support
childGroups:
  - name: Get started
    octicon: RocketIcon
    children:
      - get-started
      - account-and-profile
      - authentication
      - billing
      - site-policy
  - name: Collaborative coding
    octicon: CommentDiscussionIcon
    children:
      - codespaces
      - repositories
      - pull-requests
      - discussions
  - name: CI/CD and DevOps
    octicon: GearIcon
    children:
      - actions
      - packages
      - pages
  - name: Security
    octicon: ShieldLockIcon
    children:
      - code-security
  - name: Client apps
    octicon: DeviceMobileIcon
    children:
      - github-cli
      - desktop
  - name: Project management
    octicon: ProjectIcon
    children:
      - issues
      - search-github
  - name: Developers
    octicon: MarkGithubIcon
    children:
      - developers
      - rest
      - graphql
  - name: Enterprise and Teams
    octicon: OrganizationIcon
    children:
      - organizations
      - admin
  - name: Community
    octicon: GlobeIcon
    children:
      - communities
      - sponsors
      - education
      - support
externalProducts:
  atom:
    id: atom
    name: Atom
    href: 'https://atom.io/docs'
    external: true
  electron:
    id: electron
    name: Electron
    href: 'https://electronjs.org/docs'
    external: true
  codeql:
    id: codeql
    name: CodeQL
    href: 'https://codeql.github.com/docs'
    external: true
  npm:
    id: npm
    name: npm
    href: 'https://docs.npmjs.com/'
    external: true
---
