repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/referencing-and-citing-content.md, before:

---
title: 参考和引用内容
intro: 您可以使用第三方工具参考和引用 GitHub 上的内容。
redirect_from:
  - /articles/referencing-and-citing-content
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/referencing-and-citing-content
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/referencing-and-citing-content
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Reference & cite content
ms.openlocfilehash: e0bb3dabe5e9ebc8a4dff80797087c8adadfb710
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145129426'
---
## 使用 Zenodo 发出仓库的持久标识符

为了使您的仓库在学术文献中更易于参考，您可以创建持久标识符，也称为数字对象标识符 (DOI)。 可以使用数据存档工具 [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/about) 对 {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} 上的存储库进行存档，并为存档发出 DOI。

{% tip %}

**提示：**
- Zenodo 只能访问公共存储库，因此请确保要存档的存储库是[公共](/articles/making-a-private-repository-public)的。
- 如果要存档属于组织的存储库，组织所有者可能需要对 Zenodo 应用程序[批准访问权限](/articles/approving-oauth-apps-for-your-organization)。
- 请确保存储库中包含[许可证](/articles/open-source-licensing)，以便读者了解如何重复使用你的工作。

{% endtip %}

1. 导航到 [Zenodo](http://zenodo.org/)。
2. 在屏幕左下角单击“登录”。 ![Zenodo 登录按钮](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_login.png)
3. 单击“使用 GitHub 登录”。 ![使用 GitHub 登录 Zenodo](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_login_with_github.png)
4. 审阅有关访问权限的信息，然后单击“授权应用程序”。 ![授权 Zenodo](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_authorize.png)
5. 导航到 [Zenodo GitHub 页面](https://zenodo.org/account/settings/github/)。 ![Zenodo GitHub 页面](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_github_page.png)
6. 在要存档的存储库的名称右侧，将按钮从“关”切换为“开”，使它能够进行存档。 ![在存储库上启用 Zenodo 存档](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_toggle_on.png)

Zenodo 会在你每次创建新 {% data variables.product.product_name %} [版本](/articles/about-releases/)时存档存储库和发出新的 DOI。 按照“[创建版本](/articles/creating-releases/)”中的步骤创建新的版本。

## 使用 Figshare 宣传和引用研究资料

学者可以使用数据管理服务 [Figshare](http://figshare.com) 来宣传和引用研究材料。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[Figshare 的支持站点](https://knowledge.figshare.com/articles/item/how-to-connect-figshare-with-your-github-account)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/referencing-and-citing-content.md, after:

---
title: Referencing and citing content
intro: You can use third-party tools to cite and reference content on GitHub.
redirect_from:
  - /articles/referencing-and-citing-content
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/referencing-and-citing-content
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/referencing-and-citing-content
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Reference & cite content
---
## Issuing a persistent identifier for your repository with Zenodo

To make your repositories easier to reference in academic literature, you can create persistent identifiers, also known as Digital Object Identifiers (DOIs). You can use the data archiving tool [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/about) to archive a repository on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% endif %} and issue a DOI for the archive.

{% tip %}

**Tips:**
- Zenodo can only access public repositories, so make sure the repository you want to archive is [public](/articles/making-a-private-repository-public).
- If you want to archive a repository that belongs to an organization, the organization owner may need to [approve access](/articles/approving-oauth-apps-for-your-organization) for the Zenodo application.
- Make sure to include a [license](/articles/open-source-licensing) in your repository so readers know how they can reuse your work.

{% endtip %}

1. Navigate to [Zenodo](http://zenodo.org/).
2. In the upper-left corner of the screen, click **Log in**. ![Zenodo log in button](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_login.png)
3. Click **Log in with GitHub**. ![Log into Zenodo with GitHub](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_login_with_github.png)
4. Review the information about access permissions, then click **Authorize application**. ![Authorize Zenodo](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_authorize.png)
5. Navigate to the [Zenodo GitHub page](https://zenodo.org/account/settings/github/). ![Zenodo GitHub page](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_github_page.png)
6. To the right of the name of the repository you want to archive, toggle the button from **Off** to **On** to enable it for archiving. ![Enable Zenodo archiving on repository](/assets/images/help/repository/zenodo_toggle_on.png)

Zenodo archives your repository and issues a new DOI each time you create a new {% data variables.product.product_name %} [release](/articles/about-releases/). Follow the steps at "[Creating releases](/articles/creating-releases/)" to create a new one.

## Publicizing and citing research material with Figshare

Academics can use the data management service [Figshare](http://figshare.com) to publicize and cite research material. For more information, see [Figshare's support site](https://knowledge.figshare.com/articles/item/how-to-connect-figshare-with-your-github-account).
