admin/github-actions/managing-access-to-actions-from-githubcom/about-using-actions-in-your-enterprise.md, before:

---
title: 关于在企业中使用操作
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} 包含了大多数 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 编写的操作，并且有选项允许访问来自 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %} 的其他操作。'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/github-actions/about-using-githubcom-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-githubcom-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-actions-in-your-enterprise
versions:
  enterprise-server: '>=2.22'
  github-ae: next
type: overview
topics:
  - Actions
  - Enterprise
---

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %}
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}
{% data reusables.actions.ae-beta %}

{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 工作流程可使用_操作_，它们是一些单独的任务，您可以组合这些操作以创建作业并自定义工作流程。 您可以创建自己的操作，或者使用和自定义 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 社区分享的操作。

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-no-internet-actions %}

### 与您的企业实例捆绑的正式操作

大多数官方 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 编写的操作都会自动与 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 捆绑在一起，并且会在某个时间点从 {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %} 获取。

捆绑的官方操作包括 `actions/checkout`、`actions/upload-artifact`、`actions/download-artifact`、`actions/labeler` 以及各种 `actions/setup-` 操作等。 要查看您的企业实例中包含的所有官方操作，请在您的实例上浏览到 `actions` 组织：<code>https://<em>HOSTNAME</em>/actions</code>。

每个操作都是 `actions` 组织中的一个仓库，并且每个操作仓库都包含必要的标记、分支和提交 SHA，您的工作流程可以使用它们来引用操作。 有关如何更新捆绑的正式操作的信息，请参阅“[使用最新版本的正式捆绑操作](/admin/github-actions/using-the-latest-version-of-the-official-bundled-actions)”。

{% note %}

**注：**在包含自托管运行器的 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上使用设置操作（例如 `actions/setup-LANGUAGE`）时，您可能需要在没有连接互联网的运行器上设置工具缓存。 更多信息请参阅“[在没有互联网连接的自托管运行器上设置工具缓存](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access)”。

{% endnote %}

### 配置对 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 上操作的访问权限

如果企业中的用户需要访问来自 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 或 {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %} 的其他操作，有几个配置选项。

推荐的方法是启用自动访问来自 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 的所有操作。 通过使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %} 将 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 与 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 集成可实现这一点。 更多信息请参阅“[启用使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %} 自动访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 操作](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/enabling-automatic-access-to-githubcom-actions-using-github-connect)”。 {% data reusables.actions.enterprise-limit-actions-use %}

或者，如果您想要更严格地控制企业中允许哪些操作，则可以使用 `actions-sync` 工具手动下载并将操作同步到您的企业实例中。 更多信息请参阅“[手动同步来自 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 的操作](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/manually-syncing-actions-from-githubcom)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

admin/github-actions/managing-access-to-actions-from-githubcom/about-using-actions-in-your-enterprise.md, after:

---
title: About using actions in your enterprise
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} includes most {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-authored actions, and has options for enabling access to other actions from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} and {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/github-actions/about-using-githubcom-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-githubcom-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-actions-on-github-enterprise-server
  - /admin/github-actions/about-using-actions-in-your-enterprise
versions:
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Actions
  - Enterprise
shortTitle: Add actions in your enterprise
---

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %}
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}

## About actions on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflows can use _actions_, which are individual tasks that you can combine to create jobs and customize your workflow. You can create your own actions, or use and customize actions shared by the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} community.

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-no-internet-actions %}

## Official actions bundled with your enterprise instance

{% data reusables.actions.actions-bundled-with-ghes %}

The bundled official actions include `actions/checkout`, `actions/upload-artifact`, `actions/download-artifact`, `actions/labeler`, and various `actions/setup-` actions, among others. To see all the official actions included on your enterprise instance, browse to the `actions` organization on your instance: <code>https://<em>HOSTNAME</em>/actions</code>.

Each action is a repository in the `actions` organization, and each action repository includes the necessary tags, branches, and commit SHAs that your workflows can use to reference the action. For information on how to update the bundled official actions, see "[Using the latest version of the official bundled actions](/admin/github-actions/using-the-latest-version-of-the-official-bundled-actions)."

{% note %}

**Notes:** 
- When using setup actions (such as `actions/setup-LANGUAGE`) on {% data variables.product.product_name %} with self-hosted runners, you might need to set up the tools cache on runners that do not have internet access. For more information, see "[Setting up the tool cache on self-hosted runners without internet access](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access)."
- Upgrades to {% data variables.product.product_name %} will not result in the bundled actions being updated.

{% endnote %}

## Configuring access to actions on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
Before you can configure access to actions on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}, you must configure {% data variables.product.product_location %} to use {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}. For more information, see "[Getting started with {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} for GitHub Enterprise Server](/admin/github-actions/enabling-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server)."
{% endif %}

{% data reusables.actions.access-actions-on-dotcom %}

The recommended approach is to enable automatic access to all actions from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}. You can do this by using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %} to integrate {% data variables.product.product_name %} with {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}. For more information, see "[Enabling automatic access to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} actions using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/enabling-automatic-access-to-githubcom-actions-using-github-connect)". 

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-limit-actions-use %}

Alternatively, if you want stricter control over which actions are allowed in your enterprise, you can manually download and sync actions onto your enterprise instance using the `actions-sync` tool. For more information, see "[Manually syncing actions from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}](/enterprise/admin/github-actions/manually-syncing-actions-from-githubcom)."
