admin/github-actions/managing-access-to-actions-from-githubcom/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access.md, before:

---
title: 在未接入互联网的自托管运行器上设置工具缓存
intro: 要在没有互联网连接的自托管运行器上使用包含的 ' actions/setup' 操作，您必须先为工作流程填充运行器的工具缓存。
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access
  - /admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access
versions:
  enterprise-server: '>=2.22'
  github-ae: next
topics:
  - Enterprise
---

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %}
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}
{% data reusables.actions.ae-beta %}

### 关于包含的设置操作和运行器工具缓存

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-no-internet-actions %}

大多数官方 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 编写的操作都会自动与 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 捆绑在一起。 但是，没有接入互联网的自托管运行器需要进行一些配置，然后才能使用包含的 `actions/setup-LANGUAGE` 操作，例如 `setup-node`。

`actions/setup-LANGUAGE` 操作通常需要接入互联网才能将所需的环境二进制文件下载到运行器的工具缓存。 没有互联网连接的自托管运行器无法下载二进制文件，所以您必须手动填充运行器上的工具缓存。

您可以通过在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 上运行 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 工作流程来填充运行器工具缓存，该工作流程将 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 托管的运行器的工具缓存作为项目上传，然后可以在互联网断开的自托管运行器上传输和提取。

{% note %}

**注：**您只能对拥有相同操作系统和架构的自托管运行器使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 托管的运行器工具缓存。 例如，如果您使用 `ubuntu-18.04` {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 托管的运行器生成工具缓存，则自托管运行器必须是 64 位 Ubuntu 18.04 计算机。 有关 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 托管的运行器的更多信息，请参阅“<a href="/actions/reference/virtual-environments-for-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources" class="dotcom-only">GitHub 托管运行器的虚拟环境</a>”。

{% endnote %}

### 基本要求

* 确定自托管运行器需要哪些开发环境。 下面的示例演示如何使用 Node.js 版本 10 和 12 填充 `setup-node` 操作的工具缓存。
* 访问可用于运行工作流程的 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 上的仓库。
* 访问自托管运行器的文件系统以填充工具缓存文件夹。

### 填充自托管运行器的工具缓存

1. 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} 上，导航到可用于运行 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 工作流程的仓库。
1. 在仓库的 `.github/workflow` 文件夹中创建一个新的工作流程文件，用于上传包含 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 托管的运行器工具缓存的构件。

   下面的示例演示了使用 Node.js 版本 10 和 12 的 `setup-node` 操作为 Ubuntu 18.04 环境上传工具缓存的工作流程。

   {% raw %}
   ```yaml
   name: Upload Node.js 10 and 12 tool cache
   on: push
   jobs:
     upload_tool_cache:
       runs-on: ubuntu-18.04
       steps:
         - name: Clear any existing tool cache
           run: |
             mv "${{ runner.tool_cache }}" "${{ runner.tool_cache }}.old"
             mkdir -p "${{ runner.tool_cache }}"
         - name: Setup Node 10
           uses: actions/setup-node@v1
           with:
             node-version: 10.x
         - name: Setup Node 12
           uses: actions/setup-node@v1
           with:
             node-version: 12.x
         - name: Archive tool cache
           run: |
             cd "${{ runner.tool_cache }}"
             tar -czf tool_cache.tar.gz *
         - name: Upload tool cache artifact
           uses: actions/upload-artifact@v2
           with:
             path: ${{runner.tool_cache}}/tool_cache.tar.gz
   ```
   {% endraw %}
1. 从工作流程运行下载工具缓存构件。 有关下载构件的说明，请参阅“[下载工作流程构件](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/downloading-workflow-artifacts)”。
1. 将工具缓存构件传输到自托管的运行器，并将其提取到本地工具缓存目录。 默认工具缓存目录是 `RUNNER_DIR/_work/_tool`。 如果运行器尚未处理任何任务，您可能需要创建 `_work/_tool` 目录。

    提取上述示例中上传的工具缓存构件后，自托管运行器上应具有类似于以下示例的目录结构：

    ```
    RUNNER_DIR
    ├── ...
    └── _work
        ├── ...
        └── _tool
            └── node
                ├── 10.22.0
                │   └── ...
                └── 12.18.3
                    └── ...
    ```

没有互联网接入的自托管运行器现在应该能够使用 `setup-node` 操作。 如果遇到问题，请确保已为工作流程填充了正确的工具缓存。 例如，如果您需要使用 `setup-python` 操作，则需要通过要使用的 Python 环境填充工具缓存。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

admin/github-actions/managing-access-to-actions-from-githubcom/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access.md, after:

---
title: Setting up the tool cache on self-hosted runners without internet access
intro: 'To use the included `actions/setup` actions on self-hosted runners without internet access, you must first populate the runner''s tool cache for your workflows.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access
  - /admin/github-actions/setting-up-the-tool-cache-on-self-hosted-runners-without-internet-access
versions:
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
type: tutorial
topics:
  - Actions
  - Enterprise
  - Networking
  - Storage
shortTitle: Tool cache for offline runners
---
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %}
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}

## About the included setup actions and the runner tool cache

{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-no-internet-actions %}

Most official {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-authored actions are automatically bundled with {% data variables.product.product_name %}. However, self-hosted runners without internet access require some configuration before they can use the included `actions/setup-LANGUAGE` actions, such as `setup-node`.

The `actions/setup-LANGUAGE` actions normally need internet access to download the required environment binaries into the runner's tool cache. Self-hosted runners without internet access can't download the binaries, so you must manually populate the tool cache on the runner.

You can populate the runner tool cache by running a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} that uploads a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runner's tool cache as an artifact, which you can then transfer and extract on your internet-disconnected self-hosted runner.

{% note %}

**Note:** You can only use a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runner's tool cache for a self-hosted runner that has an identical operating system and architecture. For example, if you are using a `ubuntu-18.04` {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runner to generate a tool cache, your self-hosted runner must be a 64-bit Ubuntu 18.04 machine. For more information on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runners, see "<a href="/actions/reference/virtual-environments-for-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources" class="dotcom-only">Virtual environments for GitHub-hosted runners</a>."

{% endnote %}

## Prerequisites

* Determine which development environments your self-hosted runners will need. The following example demonstrates how to populate a tool cache for the `setup-node` action, using Node.js versions 10 and 12.
* Access to a repository on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} that you can use to run a workflow.
* Access to your self-hosted runner's file system to populate the tool cache folder.

## Populating the tool cache for a self-hosted runner

1. On {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}, navigate to a repository that you can use to run a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow.
1. Create a new workflow file in the repository's `.github/workflows` folder that uploads an artifact containing the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runner's tool cache.

   The following example demonstrates a workflow that uploads the tool cache for an Ubuntu 18.04 environment, using the `setup-node` action with Node.js versions 10 and 12.

   {% raw %}
   ```yaml
   name: Upload Node.js 10 and 12 tool cache
   on: push
   jobs:
     upload_tool_cache:
       runs-on: ubuntu-18.04
       steps:
         - name: Clear any existing tool cache
           run: |
             mv "${{ runner.tool_cache }}" "${{ runner.tool_cache }}.old"
             mkdir -p "${{ runner.tool_cache }}"
         - name: Setup Node 10
           uses: actions/setup-node@v2
           with:
             node-version: 10.x
         - name: Setup Node 12
           uses: actions/setup-node@v2
           with:
             node-version: 12.x
         - name: Archive tool cache
           run: |
             cd "${{ runner.tool_cache }}"
             tar -czf tool_cache.tar.gz *
         - name: Upload tool cache artifact
           uses: actions/upload-artifact@v3
           with:
             path: ${{runner.tool_cache}}/tool_cache.tar.gz
   ```
   {% endraw %}
1. Download the tool cache artifact from the workflow run. For instructions on downloading artifacts, see "[Downloading workflow artifacts](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/downloading-workflow-artifacts)."
1. Transfer the tool cache artifact to your self hosted runner and extract it to the local tool cache directory. The default tool cache directory is `RUNNER_DIR/_work/_tool`. If the runner hasn't processed any jobs yet, you might need to create the `_work/_tool` directories.

    After extracting the tool cache artifact uploaded in the above example, you should have a directory structure on your self-hosted runner that is similar to the following example:

    ```
    RUNNER_DIR
    ├── ...
    └── _work
        ├── ...
        └── _tool
            └── node
                ├── 10.22.0
                │   └── ...
                └── 12.18.3
                    └── ...
    ```

Your self-hosted runner without internet access should now be able to use the `setup-node` action. If you are having problems, make sure that you have populated the correct tool cache for your workflows. For example, if you need to use the `setup-python` action, you will need to populate the tool cache with the Python environment you want to use.
