admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/configuring-oidc-for-enterprise-managed-users.md, before:

---
title: 为企业托管用户配置 OIDC
shortTitle: OIDC for managed users
intro: '可以通过配置 OpenID Connect (OIDC) 单一登录 (SSO) 自动管理对 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上的企业帐户的访问，并启用对 IdP 的条件访问策略 (CAP) 的支持。'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.emus %}'
versions:
  feature: oidc-for-emu
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Authentication
  - Enterprise
  - SSO
ms.openlocfilehash: d52626ad035d957a7908e07e81d12824b9601ee5
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147061776'
---
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.oidc-beta-notice %}

## 关于适用于企业托管用户的 OIDC

通过 {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %}，企业使用标识提供者 (IdP) 对所有成员进行身份验证。 可以使用 OpenID Connect (OIDC) 管理 {% data variables.product.prodname_emu_enterprise %} 的身份验证。 启用 OIDC SSO 是一个一键式设置过程，证书由 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 和你的 IdP 管理。

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-cap-validates %} 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于对 IdP 的条件访问策略的支持](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/about-support-for-your-idps-conditional-access-policy)”。

可以通过从 IdP 更改为 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 颁发的 ID 令牌的生存期属性，调整会话的生存期，以及 {% data variables.product.prodname_managed_user %} 对 IdP 重新进行身份验证的频率。 默认生存期为 1 小时。 有关详细信息，请参阅 Azure AD 文档中的“[Microsoft 标识平台中的可配置令牌生存期](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-configurable-token-lifetimes)”。

如果目前使用 SAML SSO 进行身份验证，并且更希望使用 OIDC 并受益于 CAP 支持，则可以遵循迁移路径。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[从 SAML 迁移到 OIDC](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/migrating-from-saml-to-oidc)”。 

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.oidc-gei-warning %}

## 标识提供者支持

对 OIDC 的支持为公共 beta 版，使用 Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) 的客户都可使用。 

每个 Azure AD 租户只能支持一个与 {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %} 的 OIDC 集成。 如果要将 Azure AD 连接到 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上的多个企业，请改用 SAML。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[为 {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %} 配置 SAML 单一登录](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/configuring-saml-single-sign-on-for-enterprise-managed-users)”。

## 为企业托管用户配置 OIDC

1. 使用用户名“@<em>SHORT-CODE</em>_admin”以新企业的安装用户身份登录到 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}。
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.security-tab %}
1. 选择“要求 OIDC 单一登录”。  
   ![显示“要求 OIDC 单一登录”复选框的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/enterprises/require-oidc.png)
1. 若要继续设置并重定向到 Azure AD，请单击“保存”。
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-azure-admin-consent %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.download-recovery-codes %}

## 启用设置

启用 OIDC SSO 后，启用预配。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[为企业托管用户配置 SCIM 预配](/admin/identity-and-access-management/managing-iam-with-enterprise-managed-users/configuring-scim-provisioning-for-enterprise-managed-users)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/configuring-oidc-for-enterprise-managed-users.md, after:

---
title: Configuring OIDC for Enterprise Managed Users
shortTitle: OIDC for managed users
intro: 'You can automatically manage access to your enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} by configuring OpenID Connect (OIDC) single sign-on (SSO) and enable support for your IdP''s Conditional Access Policy (CAP).'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.emus %}'
versions:
  feature: oidc-for-emu
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Authentication
  - Enterprise
  - SSO
---

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.oidc-beta-notice %}

## About OIDC for Enterprise Managed Users

With {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %}, your enterprise uses your identity provider (IdP) to authenticate all members. You can use OpenID Connect (OIDC) to manage authentication for your {% data variables.enterprise.prodname_emu_enterprise %}. Enabling OIDC SSO is a one-click setup process with certificates managed by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and your IdP.

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-cap-validates %} For more information, see "[About support for your IdP's Conditional Access Policy](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/about-support-for-your-idps-conditional-access-policy)."

You can adjust the lifetime of a session, and how often a {% data variables.enterprise.prodname_managed_user %} needs to reauthenticate with your IdP, by changing the lifetime policy property of the ID tokens issued for {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} from  your IdP. The default lifetime is one hour. For more information, see "[Configurable token lifetimes in the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-configurable-token-lifetimes)" in the Azure AD documentation.

If you currently use SAML SSO for authentication and would prefer to use OIDC and benefit from CAP support, you can follow a migration path. For more information, see "[Migrating from SAML to OIDC](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/migrating-from-saml-to-oidc)." 

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.oidc-gei-warning %}

## Identity provider support

Support for OIDC is in public beta and available for customers using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). 

Each Azure AD tenant can support only one OIDC integration with {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %}. If you want to connect Azure AD to more than one enterprise on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}, use SAML instead. For more information, see "[Configuring SAML single sign-on for {% data variables.product.prodname_emus %}](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/configuring-saml-single-sign-on-for-enterprise-managed-users)."

## Configuring OIDC for Enterprise Managed Users

1. Sign into {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} as the setup user for your new enterprise with the username **@<em>SHORT-CODE</em>_admin**.
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.security-tab %}
1. Select **Require OIDC single sign-on**.  
   ![Screenshot showing the "Require OIDC single sign-on" checkbox](/assets/images/help/enterprises/require-oidc.png)
1. To continue setup and be redirected to Azure AD, click **Save**.
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-azure-admin-consent %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.download-recovery-codes %}

## Enabling provisioning

After you enable OIDC SSO, enable provisioning. For more information, see "[Configuring SCIM provisioning for enterprise managed users](/admin/identity-and-access-management/managing-iam-with-enterprise-managed-users/configuring-scim-provisioning-for-enterprise-managed-users)."
