repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/classifying-your-repository-with-topics.md, before:

---
title: 使用主题对仓库分类
intro: 为帮助其他人找到并参与您的项目，可以为仓库添加主题，这些主题可以与项目的预期目的、学科领域、关联团队或其他重要特点相关。
redirect_from:
  - /articles/about-topics
  - /articles/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
  - /github/administering-a-repository/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
  - /github/administering-a-repository/managing-repository-settings/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Classify with topics
ms.openlocfilehash: 68bd754ac6c50968961c61e533cb6b9de26e4cc4
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145129349'
---
## 关于主题

使用主题可以探索特定主题领域的仓库，查找要参与的项目，以及发现特定问题的新解决方案。 主题显示在仓库的主页面上。 可以单击主题名称以{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}查看相关主题和按该主题分类的其他存储库列表{% else %}搜索具有该主题的其他存储库{% endif %}。

![显示主题的测试仓库主页面](/assets/images/help/repository/os-repo-with-topics.png)

若要浏览最常用的主题，请转到 https://github.com/topics/ 。

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}可以在 [github/explore](https://github.com/github/explore) 存储库中参与 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的一组精选主题。 {% endif %}

仓库管理员可以添加他们喜欢的任何主题到仓库。 用于对存储库进行分类的有用主题包括存储库的预期用途、主题领域、社区或语言。{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}此外，{% data variables.product.product_name %} 分析公共存储库内容，并生成存储库管理员可接受或拒绝的建议主题。 私有仓库内容不可分析，也不会收到主题建议。{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt %}公共和私有{% elsif ghec or ghes %}公共、私有和内部{% elsif ghae %}私有和内部{% endif %} 存储库可以包含主题，但您只会在主题搜索结果中看到您有权访问的私有存储库。

您可以搜索与公共仓库关联的仓库。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[搜索存储库](/search-github/searching-on-github/searching-for-repositories#search-by-topic)”。 您也可以搜索 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 中的主题列表。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[搜索主题](/search-github/searching-on-github/searching-topics)”。

## 添加主题到仓库

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
2. 在“关于”右侧，单击 {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The Gear icon" %}。
  ![存储库主页上的齿轮图标](/assets/images/help/repository/edit-repository-details-gear.png)
3. 在“"Topics（主题）”下，键入要添加到仓库的主题，然后键入空格。
  ![用于输入主题的表单](/assets/images/help/repository/add-topic-form.png)
4. 完成添加主题后，单击“保存更改”。
  ![“编辑存储库详细信息”中的“保存更改”按钮](/assets/images/help/repository/edit-repository-details-save-changes-button.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@8578cc27 by PCIT

repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/classifying-your-repository-with-topics.md, after:

---
title: Classifying your repository with topics
intro: 'To help other people find and contribute to your project, you can add topics to your repository related to your project''s intended purpose, subject area, affinity groups, or other important qualities.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/about-topics
  - /articles/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
  - /github/administering-a-repository/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
  - /github/administering-a-repository/managing-repository-settings/classifying-your-repository-with-topics
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Classify with topics
---

## About topics

With topics, you can explore repositories in a particular subject area, find projects to contribute to, and discover new solutions to a specific problem. Topics appear on the main page of a repository. You can click a topic name to {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}see related topics and a list of other repositories classified with that topic{% else %}search for other repositories with that topic{% endif %}.

![Main page of the test repository showing topics](/assets/images/help/repository/os-repo-with-topics.png)

To browse the most used topics, go to https://github.com/topics/.

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}You can contribute to {% data variables.product.product_name %}'s set of featured topics in the [github/explore](https://github.com/github/explore) repository. {% endif %}

Repository admins can add any topics they'd like to a repository. Helpful topics to classify a repository include the repository's intended purpose, subject area, community, or language.{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} Additionally, {% data variables.product.product_name %} analyzes public repository content and generates suggested topics that repository admins can accept or reject. Private repository content is not analyzed and does not receive topic suggestions.{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt %}Public and private{% elsif ghec or ghes %}Public, private, and internal{% elsif ghae %}Private and internal{% endif %} repositories can have topics, although you will only see private repositories that you have access to in topic search results.

You can search for repositories that are associated with a particular topic. For more information, see "[Searching for repositories](/search-github/searching-on-github/searching-for-repositories#search-by-topic)." You can also search for a list of topics on {% data variables.product.product_name %}. For more information, see "[Searching topics](/search-github/searching-on-github/searching-topics)."

## Adding topics to your repository

{% note %}

**Note:** Topic names are always public, even if you create the topic from within a private repository.

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
2. To the right of "About", click {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The Gear icon" %}.
  ![Gear icon on main page of a repository](/assets/images/help/repository/edit-repository-details-gear.png)
3. Under "Topics", type the topic you want to add to your repository, then type a space.
  ![Form to enter topics](/assets/images/help/repository/add-topic-form.png)
4. After you've finished adding topics, click **Save changes**.
  !["Save changes" button in "Edit repository details"](/assets/images/help/repository/edit-repository-details-save-changes-button.png)
