education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/about-github-global-campus-for-teachers.md, before:

---
title: 关于教师版 GitHub Global Campus
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 为教师提供了一个访问工具和资源的中心位置，使他们能够在课堂内外更高效地工作。'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /articles/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-in-your-classroom-and-research/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: For teachers
ms.openlocfilehash: 6a0e8b7ba27060b4f48438b515786256d93d6d0c
ms.sourcegitcommit: f638d569cd4f0dd6d0fb967818267992c0499110
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 10/25/2022
ms.locfileid: '148108052'
---
作为认证教育机构的教职员工，你可以申请 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}，其中包括 {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 权益和资源。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[以教师身份申请加入 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-teacher)”。

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 是一个门户，使 GitHub Education Community 能够在一个位置访问其教育权益。 当你成为经过验证的 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 教师后，可随时转到 [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 网站](https://education.github.com)来访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}。

![教师版 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 门户](/assets/images/help/education/global-campus-portal-teachers.png)

在申请个人折扣之前，请检查你的学习社区是否已作为 {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %} 学校与我们合作。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-campus-program)”。

## 教师版 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 功能

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 是一个一站式门户，你可从中访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 权益和资源。 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 门户中，各级教师都可以：{% data reusables.education.apply-for-team %}
  - 查看活动 [{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}](https://classroom.github.com) 的概览，其中包括一目了然的最近作业和课堂进度，以及指向 {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 的链接。
  - 查看世界各地的同行发布的 [{% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %}](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/categories/github-education) 并在其中互动来讨论技术教育的当前趋势，并查看 [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 博客](https://github.blog/category/education/)的最新文章。
  - 查看 {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 和学生领袖策划的学生活动。
  - 重新观看最近的 [Campus TV](https://www.twitch.tv/githubeducation) 剧集，了解学生社区对什么感兴趣。 Campus TV 由 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 和学生社区领袖创建，可观看直播或按需观看。
  - 请求一个 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} swag 包，其中包含为学生提供的教育材料和超值服务。

## 延伸阅读

- [关于学生版 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-global-campus-for-students)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@d3d86b95 by PCIT

education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/about-github-global-campus-for-teachers.md, after:

---
title: About GitHub Global Campus for teachers
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} offers teachers a central place to access tools and resources for working more effectively inside and outside of the classroom.'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /articles/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-in-your-classroom-and-research/about-github-education-for-educators-and-researchers
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: For teachers
---

As a faculty member at an accredited educational institution, you can apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}, which includes {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} benefits and resources. For more information, see "[Apply to {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} as a teacher](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-teacher)."

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} is a portal that allows the GitHub Education Community to access their education benefits, all in one place. Once you are a verified {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} teacher, you can access {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} anytime by going to the [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} website](https://education.github.com).

![{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal for teachers](/assets/images/help/education/global-campus-portal-teachers.png)

Before applying for an individual discount, check if your learning community is already partnered with us as a {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %} school. For more information, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-campus-program)."

## {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} features for teachers

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} is a portal from which you can access your {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} benefits and resources, all in one place. On the {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal, teachers of all levels can:
  {% data reusables.education.apply-for-team %}
  - View an overview of your active [{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}](https://classroom.github.com), including recent assignments and your class's progress at a glance, as well as links to {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}.
  - View and interact with [{% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %}](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/categories/github-education) posted by your peers from around the world to discuss current trends in technology education, and see the latest posts from our [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} blog](https://github.blog/category/education/).
  - See student events curated by {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} and student leaders.
  - Stay in the know on what the student community is interested in by rewatching recent [Campus TV](https://www.twitch.tv/githubeducation) episodes. Campus TV is created by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and student community leaders and can be watched live or on demand.
  - Request a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} swag bag with educational materials and goodies for your students.

A free subscription for {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot %} is available to verified teachers with {% data variables.product.prodname_education %}. You will be automatically notified about the free subscription when you visit the {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot %} subscription page in your account settings. For more information about subscribing to and using {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot %}, see "[Managing your {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot %} subscription](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-copilot/managing-your-github-copilot-subscription#setting-up-a-trial-of-github-copilot)" and "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot %}](/copilot/overview-of-github-copilot/about-github-copilot)."

## Further reading

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} for students](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-global-campus-for-students)"
