education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-global-campus-for-students.md, before:

---
title: About GitHub Global Campus for students
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 让学生免费使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 合作伙伴的各种开发工具，为他们提供真实的体验。'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /articles/about-github-education-for-students
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-for-your-schoolwork/about-github-education-for-students
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: 适合学生
---

将 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 用于学校项目是一种与别人协作的实用方式，可创建展示真实世界的作品集。

拥有 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 帐户的每个人都可通过 {% data variables.product.prodname_free_user %} 在无限的公共和私有仓库中协作。 As a student, you can also apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} student benefits. Your {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} student benefits and resources are all included in {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}, a portal that allows you to access your education benefits, all in one place. For more information, see "[Apply to GitHub Global Campus as a student](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student)" and [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com/).

Before applying for Global Campus, check if your learning community is already partnered with us as a {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %} school. 更多信息请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-campus-program)”。

If you're a member of a school club, a teacher can apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} so your team can collaborate using {% data variables.product.prodname_team %}, which allows unlimited users and private repositories, for free. For more information, see "[Apply to {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} as a teacher](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-teacher)."

Once you are a verified {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} student, you can access {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} anytime by going to the [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} website](https://education.github.com).

![{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal for students](/assets/images/help/education/global-campus-portal-students.png)

## {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} features for students

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} is a portal from which you can access your {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} benefits and resources, all in one place. On the {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal, students can:
- Connect with a local Campus Expert. For more information on campus experts, see "[About Campus Experts](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-at-your-educational-institution/about-campus-experts)."
- Explore and claim offers for free industry tools from the [Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack).
- See upcoming in-person and virtual events for students, curated by {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} and student leaders.
- View assignments from [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/) with upcoming due dates.
- Stay in the know on what the community is interested in by rewatching recent [Campus TV](https://www.twitch.tv/githubeducation) episodes. Campus TV is created by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and student community leaders and can be watched live or on demand.
- Discover student-created repositories from GitHub Community Exchange. For more information, see "[About GitHub Community Exchange](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-community-exchange)."

## 延伸阅读

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} for teachers](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/about-github-global-campus-for-teachers)"
- "[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_community_exchange %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-community-exchange)"

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@018ed392 by PCIT

education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-global-campus-for-students.md, after:

---
title: 'About GitHub Global Campus for students'
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} offers students real-world experience with free access to various developer tools from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}''s partners.'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /articles/about-github-education-for-students
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-education-for-students
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-for-your-schoolwork/about-github-education-for-students
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: For students
---
Using {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} for your school projects is a practical way to collaborate with others and build a portfolio that showcases real-world experience.

Everyone with a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} account can collaborate in unlimited public and private repositories with {% data variables.product.prodname_free_user %}. As a student, you can also apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} student benefits. Your {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} student benefits and resources are all included in {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}, a portal that allows you to access your education benefits, all in one place. For more information, see "[Apply to GitHub Global Campus as a student](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student)" and [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com/).

Before applying for Global Campus, check if your learning community is already partnered with us as a {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %} school. For more information, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_campus_program %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/about-github-campus-program)."

If you're a member of a school club, a teacher can apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} so your team can collaborate using {% data variables.product.prodname_team %}, which allows unlimited users and private repositories, for free. For more information, see "[Apply to {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} as a teacher](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-teacher)."

Once you are a verified {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} student, you can access {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} anytime by going to the [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %} website](https://education.github.com). 

![{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal for students](/assets/images/help/education/global-campus-portal-students.png)

## {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} features for students

{% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} is a portal from which you can access your {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} benefits and resources, all in one place. On the {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} portal, students can:
- Connect with a local Campus Expert. For more information on campus experts, see "[About Campus Experts](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-at-your-educational-institution/about-campus-experts)."
- Explore and claim offers for free industry tools from the [Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack).
- See upcoming in-person and virtual events for students, curated by {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} and student leaders.
- View assignments from [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/) with upcoming due dates.
- Stay in the know on what the community is interested in by rewatching recent [Campus TV](https://www.twitch.tv/githubeducation) episodes. Campus TV is created by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and student community leaders and can be watched live or on demand.
- Discover student-created repositories from GitHub Community Exchange. For more information, see "[About GitHub Community Exchange](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-community-exchange)."

## Further reading

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} for teachers](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-teachers/about-github-global-campus-for-teachers)"
- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_community_exchange %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/about-github-community-exchange)"
