education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student.md, before:

---
title: 以学生身份申请 GitHub Global Campus
intro: '作为学生，你可以申请加入 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 并接收对 {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} 提供的学生资源和权益的访问权限'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/applying-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /articles/applying-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-for-your-schoolwork/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: Apply to Global Campus
ms.openlocfilehash: 105346dce9632f24f37b29f883a45da27e74ab71
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147574168'
---
{% data reusables.education.about-github-education-link %}

## 要求

要获得申请 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}（包括 {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} 和其他权益）的资格，必须：
- 现正攻读学位或文凭授予课程，如高中、初中、大专、大学、自主学习或类似教育机构
- 具有学校发放的可验证电子邮件地址，或者上传能证明您目前学生身份的文档
- 拥有 [{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 个人帐户](/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account)
- 至少年满 13 岁

证明您现任学生身份的文件包括具有当前注册日期的学校 ID 照片、班级课程表、成绩单以及附属关系或入学签到函。

在作为学生期间，可能会提示您定期重新验证目前的学业身份。

{% note %}

注意：不能将学术折扣从一个帐户转移到另一个帐户。 如果有多个想要应用折扣的帐户，请考虑[合并](/articles/merging-multiple-user-accounts)个人帐户，并根据需要[重命名](/articles/changing-your-github-username)保留的帐户。

{% endnote %}

有关续订 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 访问权限的信息，请参阅“[到期和续订](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student/#expiration-and-renewals)”。

## 申请加入 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}

{% data reusables.education.benefits-page %}
3. 在“哪一项最能描述你的学术状态?”下，选择“学生”。
  ![选择学术状态](/assets/images/help/education/academic-status-student.png) {% data reusables.education.select-email-address %} {% data reusables.education.upload-proof-status %} {% data reusables.education.school-name %} {% data reusables.education.plan-to-use-github %} {% data reusables.education.submit-application %}

## 到期和续订

在你的 {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} 访问权限到期后，如果你仍有资格，则可重新申请，但 {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} 的有些合作伙伴优惠不能续订。 合作伙伴的大多数计时特惠在您设置后便开始。 若要重新申请，只需返回到 https://education.github.com ，单击你的个人资料图片，然后单击“重新验证学术关系”。

![用于重新验证学术关系的菜单选项](/assets/images/help/education/reverify-academic-affiliation.png)

有关详细信息，请参阅 [{% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %}](https://education.github.com/pack) 页。

若要查看你对 {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} 的免费访问权限何时到期，请访问帐户的[计费设置](https://github.com/settings/billing)。

## 延伸阅读

- “[为什么我的 {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} 申请未获得批准？](/articles/why-wasn-t-my-application-for-a-student-developer-pack-approved)”
- “[注册新的 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 帐户](/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account)”
- [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@b8ea14f1 by PCIT

education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student.md, after:

---
title: 'Apply to GitHub Global Campus as a student'
intro: 'As a student, you can apply to join {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} and receive access to the student resources and benefits offered by {% data variables.product.prodname_education %}'
redirect_from:
  - /education/teach-and-learn-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /github/teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/applying-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /articles/applying-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
  - /education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-for-your-schoolwork/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack
versions:
  fpt: '*'
shortTitle: Apply to Global Campus
---
{% data reusables.education.about-github-education-link %}

## Requirements

To be eligible for {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}, including {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} and other benefits, you must:
- Be currently enrolled in a degree or diploma granting course of study such as a high school, secondary school, college, university, homeschool, or similar educational institution
- Have a verifiable school-issued email address or upload documents that prove your current student status
- Have a [{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} personal account](/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account)
- Be at least 13 years old

Documents that prove your current student status include a picture of your school ID with current enrollment date, class schedule, transcript, and affiliation or enrollment verification letter.

During your tenure as a student, you may be prompted to periodically re-verify your current academic status.

{% note %}

**Note:** You cannot transfer academic discounts from one account to another. If you have more than one account you want to apply the discount to, consider [merging](/articles/merging-multiple-user-accounts) your personal accounts and [renaming](/articles/changing-your-github-username) the retained account if desired.

{% endnote %}

For information about renewing your {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} access, see "[Expiration and renewals](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/github-global-campus-for-students/apply-to-github-global-campus-as-a-student/#expiration-and-renewals)."

## Applying to {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %}

{% data reusables.education.benefits-page %}
1. Under "Individuals", click **Get student benefits**.
  !["Get student benefits" on {% data variables.product.prodname_education %} homepage](/assets/images/help/education/click-get-student-benefits.png)
1. Under "Select the academic status", select **Student**.
  ![Select academic status](/assets/images/help/education/academic-status-student.png)
{% data reusables.education.select-email-address %}
{% data reusables.education.school-name %}
{% data reusables.education.plan-to-use-github %}
{% data reusables.education.upload-proof-status %}
{% data reusables.education.submit-application %}

## Expiration and renewals

Once your {% data variables.product.prodname_global_campus %} access expires, you may reapply if you're still eligible, although some of our partner offers for {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} cannot renew. Most of the timed offers from our partners start once you set them up. To reapply, simply return to https://education.github.com, click your profile picture, then click **Reverify your academic affiliation**.

![Menu option to reverify your academic affiliation](/assets/images/help/education/reverify-academic-affiliation.png)

For more information, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %}](https://education.github.com/pack) page.

To see when your free access to the {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} expires, visit your account's [billing settings](https://github.com/settings/billing).

## Further reading

- "[Why wasn't my application for a {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} approved?](/articles/why-wasn-t-my-application-for-a-student-developer-pack-approved)"
- "[Signing up for a new {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} account](/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account)"
- [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com)
