admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/analyzing-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/exporting-server-statistics.md, before:

---
title: Exporting Server Statistics
shortTitle: Export Server Statistics
intro: 'You can use your own tools to analyze your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} usage over time by downloading your {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %} metrics in a CSV or JSON file.'
versions:
  feature: server-statistics
redirect_from:
  - /early-access/github/analyze-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/exploring-server-statistics
---

{% data reusables.server-statistics.release-phase %}

You can download up to the last 365 days of {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %} data in a CSV or JSON file. 此数据（包括有关存储库、问题和拉取请求的汇总指标）可以帮助您预测组织的需求，了解团队的工作方式，并显示您从 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 中获得的价值。

Before you can download this data, you must enable {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %}. 更多信息请参阅“[为企业启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %}](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/enabling-server-statistics-for-your-enterprise)”。

To preview the metrics available to download, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %}](/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/analyzing-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/about-server-statistics)."

To download these metrics, you must be an enterprise owner or organization owner on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}.
  - If {% data variables.product.product_location %} is connected to an enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, see "[Downloading metrics from your enterprise account](#downloading-metrics-from-your-enterprise-account)."
  - If {% data variables.product.product_location %} is connected to an organization on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, see "[Downloading metrics from your organization](#downloading-metrics-from-your-organization)."

要了解有关 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %} 的更多信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/about-github-connect)”。

## Downloading metrics from your enterprise account

1. 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 的右上角，单击您的个人资料照片，然后单击 **Your enterprises（您的企业）**。 ![Drop down menu with "Your enterprises" option](/assets/images/help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-account-settings.png)

2. Next to your desired enterprise account, click **Settings**. ![Settings button next to Enterprise admin account](/assets/images/help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-account-settings-button.png)

3. On the left, click **GitHub Connect**. ![GitHub Connect option under enterprise admin account](/assets/images//help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-github-connect.png)

{% data reusables.server-statistics.csv-download %}

## Downloading metrics from your organization

1. In the top-right corner of {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, click your profile photo, then click **Your organizations**. ![Drop down menu with "Your organizations" option](/assets/images/help/enterprises/github-enterprise-cloud-organizations.png)

2. In the list of organizations, next to the organization that's connected to {% data variables.product.product_location %}, click **Settings**. ![Settings button next to {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} organization](/assets/images/help/enterprises/settings-for-ghec-org.png)

3. On the left, click **GitHub Connect**. ![GitHub Connect option in an organization account settings left sidebar](/assets/images/help/enterprises/github-connect-option-for-ghec-org.png)

{% data reusables.server-statistics.csv-download %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@0d7ff47a by PCIT

admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/analyzing-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/exporting-server-statistics.md, after:

---
title: Exporting Server Statistics
shortTitle: Export Server Statistics
intro: 'You can use your own tools to analyze your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} usage over time by downloading your {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %} metrics in a CSV or JSON file.'
versions:
  feature: 'server-statistics'
redirect_from:
  - /early-access/github/analyze-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/exploring-server-statistics
---

{% data reusables.server-statistics.release-phase %}

You can download up to the last 365 days of {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %} data in a CSV or JSON file. This data, which includes aggregate metrics on repositories, issues, and pull requests, can help you anticipate the needs of your organization, understand how your team works, and show the value you get from {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %}. 

Before you can download this data, you must enable {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %}. For more information, see "[Enabling {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %} for your enterprise](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/enabling-server-statistics-for-your-enterprise)." 

To preview the metrics available to download, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_server_statistics %}](/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/analyzing-how-your-team-works-with-server-statistics/about-server-statistics)."

To download these metrics, you must be an enterprise owner or organization owner on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}.
  - If {% data variables.product.product_location %} is connected to an enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, see "[Downloading metrics from your enterprise account](#downloading-metrics-from-your-enterprise-account)."
  - If {% data variables.product.product_location %} is connected to an organization on {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, see "[Downloading metrics from your organization](#downloading-metrics-from-your-organization)."

To learn more about {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/about-github-connect)."

## Downloading metrics from your enterprise account

1. In the top-right corner of {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, click your profile photo, then click **Your enterprises**.
  ![Drop down menu with "Your enterprises" option](/assets/images/help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-account-settings.png)

2. Next to your desired enterprise account, click **Settings**.
  ![Settings button next to Enterprise admin account](/assets/images/help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-account-settings-button.png)

3. On the left, click **GitHub Connect**.
  ![GitHub Connect option under enterprise admin account](/assets/images//help/enterprises/enterprise-admin-github-connect.png)

{% data reusables.server-statistics.csv-download %}

## Downloading metrics from your organization

1. In the top-right corner of {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, click your profile photo, then click **Your organizations**.
  ![Drop down menu with "Your organizations" option](/assets/images/help/enterprises/github-enterprise-cloud-organizations.png)

2. In the list of organizations, next to the organization that's connected to {% data variables.product.product_location %}, click **Settings**.
  ![Settings button next to {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} organization](/assets/images/help/enterprises/settings-for-ghec-org.png)

3. On the left, click **GitHub Connect**.
  ![GitHub Connect option in an organization account settings left sidebar](/assets/images/help/enterprises/github-connect-option-for-ghec-org.png)

{% data reusables.server-statistics.csv-download %}
