education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide/about-using-makecode-arcade-with-github-classroom.md, before:

---
title: 关于使用 MakeCode Arcade 与 GitHub Classroom
shortTitle: About using MakeCode Arcade
intro: '您可以将 MakeCode Arcade 配置为 {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 中作业的在线 IDE。'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/student-experience-makecode
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/about-using-makecode-arcade-with-github-classroom
ms.openlocfilehash: f4786f67c7a9d0444e92d3c5560f4d86b6a0af7d
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145099786'
---
## 关于 MakeCode Arcade

MakeCode Arcade 是一个在线集成开发环境 (IDE)，用于使用拖放块编程和 JavaScript 开发复古街机游戏。 学生可以使用 MakeCode Arcade 在浏览器中编写、编辑、运行、测试和调试代码。 有关 IDE 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 的详细信息，请参阅“[将 {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 与 IDE 集成](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide)”。

{% data reusables.classroom.readme-contains-button-for-online-ide %}

学生第一次单击按钮访问 MakeCode Arcade 时，必须使用 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 证书登录 MakeCode Arcade。 登录后，学生将有权访问包含作业仓库中代码、在 MakeCode Arcade 上完全配置的开发环境。

有关使用 MakeCode Arcade 的详细信息，请参阅 [MakeCode Arcade](https://arcade.makecode.com/ide-tour) 和 MakeCode Arcade 网站上的[文档](https://arcade.makecode.com/docs)。

MakeCode Arcade 不支持对小组作业进行多人编辑。 但学生可以协作使用 Git 和 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 功能，如分支和拉取请求。

## 关于使用 MakeCode Arcade 提交作业

默认情况下，MakeCode Arcade 配置为推送到 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上的作业仓库。 使用 MakeCode Arcade 处理作业后，学生应使用屏幕底部的 {% octicon "mark-github" aria-label="The GitHub mark" %}{% octicon "arrow-up" aria-label="The up arrow icon" %} 按钮将更改推送到 {% data variables.product.product_location %}。

![MakeCode Arcade 版本控制功能](/assets/images/help/classroom/ide-makecode-arcade-version-control-button.png)

## 延伸阅读

- [关于自述文件](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-readmes)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide/about-using-makecode-arcade-with-github-classroom.md, after:

---
title: About using MakeCode Arcade with GitHub Classroom
shortTitle: About using MakeCode Arcade
intro: 'You can configure MakeCode Arcade as the online IDE for assignments in {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/student-experience-makecode
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/about-using-makecode-arcade-with-github-classroom
---
## About MakeCode Arcade

MakeCode Arcade is an online integrated development environment (IDE) for developing retro arcade games using drag-and-drop block programming and JavaScript. Students can write, edit, run, test, and debug code in a browser with MakeCode Arcade. For more information about IDEs and {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, see "[Integrate {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} with an IDE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide)."

{% data reusables.classroom.readme-contains-button-for-online-ide %}

The first time the student clicks the button to visit MakeCode Arcade, the student must sign into MakeCode Arcade with {% data variables.product.product_name %} credentials. After signing in, the student will have access to a development environment containing the code from the assignment repository, fully configured on MakeCode Arcade.

For more information about working on MakeCode Arcade, see the [MakeCode Arcade Tour](https://arcade.makecode.com/ide-tour) and [documentation](https://arcade.makecode.com/docs) on the MakeCode Arcade website.

MakeCode Arcade does not support multiplayer-editing for group assignments. Instead, students can collaborate with Git and {% data variables.product.product_name %} features like branches and pull requests.

## About submission of assignments with MakeCode Arcade

By default, MakeCode Arcade is configured to push to the assignment repository on {% data variables.location.product_location %}. After making progress on an assignment with MakeCode Arcade, students should push changes to {% data variables.location.product_location %} using the {% octicon "mark-github" aria-label="The GitHub mark" %}{% octicon "arrow-up" aria-label="The up arrow icon" %} button at the bottom of the screen.

![MakeCode Arcade version control functionality](/assets/images/help/classroom/ide-makecode-arcade-version-control-button.png)

## Further reading

- "[About READMEs](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-readmes)"
