admin/github-actions/advanced-configuration-and-troubleshooting/using-a-staging-environment.md, before:

---
title: 使用暂存环境
intro: '了解如何将 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 与 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 暂存实例配合使用。'
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Actions
  - Enterprise
  - Infrastructure
  - Upgrades
redirect_from:
  - /admin/github-actions/using-a-staging-environment
shortTitle: Use staging environment
ms.openlocfilehash: 3d244d25aae5a6e21b4db1cd04352343d6650975
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145100006'
---
## 关于 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的过渡环境

为 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 提供临时或测试环境会有用，这样您就可以在生产环境中实施更新或新功能之前进行测试。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[设置暂存实例](/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance/setting-up-a-staging-instance)”。

## 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 的过渡环境

创建过渡环境的常见方法是在过渡环境中将生产 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 实例的备份还原到新虚拟机。 如果使用暂存实例并计划测试 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 功能，则应在过渡环境中查看存储配置。

将 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 备份还原到暂存实例后，如果尝试从现有的 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 工作流运行中查看日志或项目，则会看到 `404` 错误，因为暂存存储位置中缺少该数据。 若要解决 `404` 错误，可以从生产中复制要在过渡环境中使用的数据。

### 配置存储

在设置包含启用了 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 的 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 实例的过渡环境时，你必须对 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 存储使用与生产环境不同的外部存储配置。

{% warning %}

警告：如果不更改存储配置，暂存实例可能会写入用于生产的相同外部存储，这可能会导致数据丢失。

{% endwarning %}

有关 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 存储配置的详细信息，请参阅“[{% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 的 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 入门](/admin/github-actions/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-your-enterprise/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server#enabling-github-actions-with-your-storage-provider)”。

### 将文件从生产复制到暂存

若要更准确地映射生产环境，可以选择将文件从 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 的生产存储位置复制到暂存存储位置。

* 对于 Azure 存储帐户，可以使用 [`azcopy`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-blobs#copy-all-containers-directories-and-blobs-to-another-storage-account)。 例如：

  ```shell
  azcopy copy 'https://<em>SOURCE-STORAGE-ACCOUNT-NAME</em>.blob.core.windows.net/<em>SAS-TOKEN</em>' 'https://<em>DESTINATION-STORAGE-ACCOUNT-NAME</em>.blob.core.windows.net/' --recursive
  ```
* 对于 Amazon S3 存储桶，可以使用 [`aws s3 sync`](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/sync.html)。 例如：

  ```shell
  aws s3 sync s3://<em>SOURCE-BUCKET</em> s3://<em>DESTINATION-BUCKET</em>
  ```

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

admin/github-actions/advanced-configuration-and-troubleshooting/using-a-staging-environment.md, after:

---
title: Using a staging environment
intro: 'Learn about using {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} with {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} staging instances.'
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Actions
  - Enterprise
  - Infrastructure
  - Upgrades
redirect_from:
  - /admin/github-actions/using-a-staging-environment
shortTitle: Use staging environment
---

## About staging environments for {% data variables.product.product_name %}

It can be useful to have a staging or testing environment for {% data variables.location.product_location %}, so that you can test updates or new features before implementing them in your production environment. For more information, see "[Setting up a staging instance](/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance/setting-up-a-staging-instance)."

## Using a staging environment with {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}

A common way to create the staging environment is to restore a backup of your production {% data variables.product.product_name %} instance to a new virtual machine in the staging environment. If you use a staging instance and plan to test {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} functionality, you should review your storage configuration in the staging environment.

After you restore a {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} backup to the staging instance, if you try to view logs or artifacts from existing {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow runs on your staging instance, you will see `404` errors, because this data will be missing from your staging storage location. To work around the `404` errors, you can copy data from production to use in your staging environment.

### Configuring storage

When you set up a staging environment that includes a {% data variables.product.product_name %} instance with {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} enabled, you must use a different external storage configuration for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} storage than your production environment.

{% warning %}

**Warning**: If you don't change the storage configuration, your staging instance may be able to write to the same external storage that you use for production, which could result in loss of data.

{% endwarning %}

For more information about storage configuration for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}, see "[Getting started with {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} for {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %}](/admin/github-actions/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-your-enterprise/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server#enabling-github-actions-with-your-storage-provider)."

### Copying files from production to staging

To more accurately mirror your production environment, you can optionally copy files from your production storage location for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} to the staging storage location.

* For an Azure storage account, you can use [`azcopy`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-blobs#copy-all-containers-directories-and-blobs-to-another-storage-account). For example:

  ```shell
  azcopy copy 'https://<em>SOURCE-STORAGE-ACCOUNT-NAME</em>.blob.core.windows.net/<em>SAS-TOKEN</em>' 'https://<em>DESTINATION-STORAGE-ACCOUNT-NAME</em>.blob.core.windows.net/' --recursive
  ```
* For Amazon S3 buckets, you can use [`aws s3 sync`](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/sync.html). For example:

  ```shell
  aws s3 sync s3://SOURCE-BUCKET s3://DESTINATION-BUCKET
  ```
