account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-personal-account-settings/managing-accessibility-settings.md, before:

---
title: 管理辅助功能设置
shortTitle: Manage accessibility settings
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} 的用户界面可以适应视觉、听觉、运动、认知或学习需求。'
versions:
  feature: keyboard-shortcut-accessibility-setting
redirect_from:
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-user-account-settings/managing-accessibility-settings
type: how_to
miniTocMaxHeadingLevel: 3
ms.openlocfilehash: d4811368ab825f0b24864283f8be54672f72a787
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147614317'
---
## 关于辅助功能设置

若要在 {% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% elsif ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} 上创建满足需求的体验，可以自定义用户界面。 辅助功能设置对残障人士至关重要，但对任何人都很有用。 例如，键盘快捷方式的自定义对使用语音控制导航的人而言必不可少，但如果 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的键盘快捷方式与另一个应用程序快捷方式发生冲突，则自定义对任何人都很有用。

## 管理辅助功能设置

可以决定是否要在 {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% elsif ghes or ghae %} 网站上使用 {% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} 的部分或全部键盘快捷方式，并且可以控制动画图像的显示。

### 管理键盘快捷方式

可以单纯使用键盘在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 网站上执行操作。 键盘快捷方式可用于节省时间，但可能意外激活或干扰辅助技术。

默认情况下，在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上启用所有键盘快捷方式。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[键盘快捷方式](/get-started/using-github/keyboard-shortcuts)”。

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %} {% data reusables.user-settings.accessibility_settings %}
1. 在“键盘快捷方式”下，管理键盘快捷方式的设置。

   - 若要禁用不使用修改键（如 <kbd>Control</kbd> 或 <kbd>Command</kbd>）的快捷键，请在“常规”下取消选择“字符键”。
     - 如果禁用字符键，仍可触发 Web 浏览器的快捷方式，并且仍可触发使用修该键的 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的快捷方式。
   {%- ifversion command-palette %}
   - 若要自定义用于触发命令面板的键盘快捷方式，在“命令面板”下，请使用下拉菜单选择键盘快捷方式。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[{% data variables.product.company_short %} 命令面板](/get-started/using-github/github-command-palette)”。
   {%- endif %}

{% ifversion motion-management %}

### 管理运动

可以控制 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 显示动画 .gif 图像的方式。

默认情况下，{% data variables.product.product_name %} 与系统级偏好同步，以减少运动。 有关详细信息，请参阅操作系统的文档或设置。

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %} {% data reusables.user-settings.accessibility_settings %}
1. 在“运动”下，管理运动设置。

   - 若要控制 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 显示动画图像的方式，请在“自动播放动画图像”下选择“与系统同步”、“已启用”或“已禁用”  。

{% endif %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-personal-account-settings/managing-accessibility-settings.md, after:

---
title: Managing accessibility settings
shortTitle: Manage accessibility settings
intro: "{% data variables.product.product_name %}'s user interface can adapt to your vision, hearing, motor, cognitive, or learning needs."
versions:
  feature: keyboard-shortcut-accessibility-setting
redirect_from:
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-user-account-settings/managing-accessibility-settings
type: how_to
miniTocMaxHeadingLevel: 3
---

## About accessibility settings

To create an experience on {% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% elsif ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} that fits your needs, you can customize the user interface. Accessibility settings can be essential for people with disabilities, but can be useful to anyone. For example, customization of keyboard shortcuts is essential to people who navigate using voice control, but can be useful to anyone when a keyboard shortcut for {% data variables.product.product_name %} clashes with another application shortcut.

## Managing accessibility settings

You can decide whether you want to use some or all keyboard shortcuts on {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% elsif ghes or ghae %}the website for {% data variables.location.product_location %}{% endif %}, and you can control the display of animated images.

### Managing keyboard shortcuts

You can perform actions across the {% data variables.product.product_name %} website by using your keyboard alone. Keyboard shortcuts can be useful to save time, but can be activated accidentally or interfere with assistive technology.

By default, all keyboard shortcuts are enabled on {% data variables.product.product_name %}. For more information, see "[Keyboard shortcuts](/get-started/using-github/keyboard-shortcuts)."

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.accessibility_settings %}
1. Under "Keyboard shortcuts", manage settings for your keyboard shortcuts.

   - To disable shortcut keys that don't use modifiers keys like <kbd>Control</kbd> or <kbd>Command</kbd>, under "General", deselect **Character keys**.
     - If you disable character keys, you may still be able to trigger shortcuts for your web browser, and you can still trigger shortcuts for {% data variables.product.product_name %} that use a modifier key.
   {%- ifversion command-palette %}
   - To customize the keyboard shortcuts for triggering the command palette, under "Command palette", use the drop-down menus to choose a keyboard shortcut. For more information, see "[{% data variables.product.company_short %} Command Palette](/get-started/using-github/github-command-palette)."
   {%- endif %}

{% ifversion motion-management %}

### Managing motion

You can control how {% data variables.product.product_name %} displays animated _.gif_ images.

By default, {% data variables.product.product_name %} syncs with your system-level preference for reduced motion. For more information, see the documentation or settings for your operating system.

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.accessibility_settings %}
1. Under "Motion", manage settings for motion.

   - To control how {% data variables.product.product_name %} displays animated images, under "Autoplay animated images", select **Sync with system**, **Enabled**, or **Disabled**.

{% endif %}
