actions/creating-actions/index.md, before:

---
title: 创建操作
intro: '您可以创建自己的操作，使用并自定义 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 社区共享的操作，或者写入和共享您构建的操作。'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/building-actions
  - /github/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/building-actions
  - /actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/building-actions
  - /actions/building-actions
  - /articles/creating-a-github-action
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
children:
  - /about-custom-actions
  - /creating-a-docker-container-action
  - /creating-a-javascript-action
  - /creating-a-composite-action
  - /metadata-syntax-for-github-actions
  - /dockerfile-support-for-github-actions
  - /setting-exit-codes-for-actions
  - /publishing-actions-in-github-marketplace
  - /sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-enterprise
  - /releasing-and-maintaining-actions
  - /developing-a-third-party-cli-action
ms.openlocfilehash: b60bd1031bc7e9958a146cbf9755a000679edff3
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '147880619'
---
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %} {% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@774b006d by PCIT

actions/creating-actions/index.md, after:

---
title: 创建操作
intro: '您可以创建自己的操作，使用并自定义 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 社区共享的操作，或者写入和共享您构建的操作。'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/building-actions
  - /github/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/building-actions
  - /actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/building-actions
  - /actions/building-actions
  - /articles/creating-a-github-action
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
children:
  - /about-custom-actions
  - /creating-a-docker-container-action
  - /creating-a-javascript-action
  - /creating-a-composite-action
  - /metadata-syntax-for-github-actions
  - /dockerfile-support-for-github-actions
  - /setting-exit-codes-for-actions
  - /publishing-actions-in-github-marketplace
  - /sharing-actions-and-workflows-from-your-private-repository
  - /sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-enterprise
  - /sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-organization
  - /releasing-and-maintaining-actions
  - /developing-a-third-party-cli-action
ms.openlocfilehash: b60bd1031bc7e9958a146cbf9755a000679edff3
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '147880619'
---
{% data reusables.actions.enterprise-beta %} {% data reusables.actions.enterprise-github-hosted-runners %}
