issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/copying-a-project-board.md, before:

---
title: '复制 {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}'
intro: '可以通过复制 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 来快速创建新项目。 复制常用或高度自定义的 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} 有助于标准化工作流。'
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/managing-project-boards/copying-a-project-board
  - /articles/copying-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/copying-a-project-board
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pull requests
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
ms.openlocfilehash: 055e697d2bb5c7aa1ad4667d24bbe919ede87a99
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147423602'
---
{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

通过复制 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}，可以重复使用 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 的标题、说明和自动化配置。 复制 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} 可以避免为类似工作流创建新 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} 的手动过程。

必须对 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 具有读取权限才能将其复制到你有写入权限的存储库或组织。

将 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 复制到组织时，{% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 的可见性将默认为专用，并且可以选择更改可见性。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[更改 {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %} 的可见性](/articles/changing-project-board-visibility/)”。

默认情况下也会启用 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 的自动化。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_projects_v1 %} 的自动化](/articles/about-automation-for-project-boards/)”。

1. 导航到要复制的 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}。
{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
3. 单击“{% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}”，然后单击“复制”。
![项目板侧边栏的下拉菜单中的复制选项](/assets/images/help/projects/project-board-copy-setting.png)
4. 在“Owner（所有者）”下，使用下拉菜单并单击要复制项目板的仓库或组织。
![从下拉菜单中选择所复制项目板的所有者](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-owner.png)
5. （可选）在“项目板名称”下，键入所复制 {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} 的名称。
![用于键入所复制项目板名称的字段](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-name.png)
6. （可选）在“Description（说明）”下，键入其他人将看到的有关所复制项目板的说明。
![用于键入所复制项目板说明的字段](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-description.png)
7. （可选）在“Automation settings（自动化设置）”下，选择是否要复制已配置的自动工作流程。 默认情况下该选项处于启用状态。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于项目板的自动化](/articles/about-automation-for-project-boards/)”。
![为复制的项目板选择自动化设置](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-automation-settings.png) {% data reusables.project-management.choose-visibility %}
9. 单击“复制项目”。
![“确认复制”按钮](/assets/images/help/projects/confirm-copy-project-board.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@8578cc27 by PCIT

issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/copying-a-project-board.md, after:

---
title: 'Copying a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}'
intro: 'You can copy a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} to quickly create a new project. Copying frequently used or highly customized {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} helps standardize your workflow.'
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/managing-project-boards/copying-a-project-board
  - /articles/copying-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/copying-a-project-board
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pull requests
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
---
{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

Copying a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} allows you to reuse a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}'s title, description, and automation configuration. You can copy {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} to eliminate the manual process of creating new {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_boards %} for similar workflows.

You must have read access to a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} to copy it to a repository or organization where you have write access.

When you copy a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} to an organization, the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}'s visibility will default to private, with an option to change the visibility. For more information, see "[Changing {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %} visibility](/articles/changing-project-board-visibility/)."

A {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}'s automation is also enabled by default. For more information, see "[About automation for {% data variables.product.prodname_projects_v1 %}](/articles/about-automation-for-project-boards/)."

1. Navigate to the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} you want to copy.
{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
3. Click {% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}, then click **Copy**.
![Copy option in drop-down menu from project board sidebar](/assets/images/help/projects/project-board-copy-setting.png)
4. Under "Owner", use the drop-down menu and click the repository or organization where you want to copy the project board.
![Select owner of copied project board from drop-down menu](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-owner.png)
5. Optionally, under "Project board name", type the name of the copied {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}.
![Field to type a name for the copied project board](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-name.png)
6. Optionally, under "Description", type a description of the copied project board that other people will see.
![Field to type a description for the copied project board](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-description.png)
7. Optionally, under "Automation settings", select whether you want to copy the configured automatic workflows. This option is enabled by default. For more information, see "[About automation for project boards](/articles/about-automation-for-project-boards/)."
![Select automation settings for copied project board](/assets/images/help/projects/copied-project-board-automation-settings.png)
{% data reusables.project-management.choose-visibility %}
9. Click **Copy project**.
![Confirm Copy button](/assets/images/help/projects/confirm-copy-project-board.png)
