issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/editing-a-project-board.md, before:

---
title: 编辑项目板
intro: 您可以编辑现有项目板的标题和说明。
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/managing-project-boards/editing-a-project-board
  - /articles/editing-a-project
  - /articles/editing-and-deleting-a-project
  - /articles/editing-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/editing-a-project-board
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pull requests
---

{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

{% tip %}

**提示：**有关添加、删除或编辑项目板中列的详细信息，请参阅 “[创建项目板](/articles/creating-a-project-board)”。

{% endtip %}

1. 导航到要编辑的项目板。
{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
{% data reusables.project-management.click-edit-sidebar-menu-project-board %}
4. 根据需要修改项目板名称和说明，然后单击 **Save project（保存项目）**。 ![带有项目板名称和说明的字段，以及保存项目按钮](/assets/images/help/projects/edit-project-board-save-button.png)

## 延伸阅读

- "[关于项目板](/articles/about-project-boards)"
- "[添加议题和拉取请求到项目板](/articles/adding-issues-and-pull-requests-to-a-project-board)"
- “[删除项目板](/articles/deleting-a-project-board)”

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@407c4e01 by PCIT

issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/editing-a-project-board.md, after:

---
title: 'Editing a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}'
intro: 'You can edit the title and description of an existing {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/managing-project-boards/editing-a-project-board
  - /articles/editing-a-project
  - /articles/editing-and-deleting-a-project
  - /articles/editing-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/editing-a-project-board
versions:
  feature: projects-v1
topics:
  - Pull requests
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
---

{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

{% tip %}

**Tip:** For details on adding, removing, or editing columns in your {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}, see "[Creating a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}](/articles/creating-a-project-board)."

{% endtip %}

1. Navigate to the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} you want to edit.
{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
{% data reusables.project-management.click-edit-sidebar-menu-project-board %}
4. Modify the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} name and description as needed, then click **Save project**. ![带有项目板名称和说明的字段，以及保存项目按钮](/assets/images/help/projects/edit-project-board-save-button.png)

## 延伸阅读

- "[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_projects_v1 %}](/articles/about-project-boards)"
- "[Adding issues and pull requests to a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}](/articles/adding-issues-and-pull-requests-to-a-project-board)"
- "[Deleting a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}](/articles/deleting-a-project-board)"
