codespaces/guides.md, before:

---
title: 代码空间指南
shortTitle: Guides
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
intro: 了解如何充分利用 GitHub
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
layout: product-guides
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
includeGuides:
  - /codespaces/getting-started/quickstart
  - /codespaces/getting-started/deep-dive
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-nodejs-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-python-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-dotnet-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-java-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-a-minimum-specification-for-codespace-machines
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/automatically-opening-files-in-the-codespaces-for-a-repository
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-codespaces-badge
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-codespace/configuring-codespaces-for-your-project
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-codespace/personalizing-codespaces-for-your-account
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/developing-in-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/deleting-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/opening-an-existing-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/stopping-and-starting-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-codespaces-in-visual-studio-code
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-codespaces-with-github-cli
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-source-control-in-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-codespaces-for-pull-requests
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/changing-the-machine-type-for-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/changing-the-machine-type-for-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/configuring-automatic-deletion-of-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/personalizing-codespaces-for-your-account
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-editor-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-timeout-period-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-repository-access-for-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-editor-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/enabling-codespaces-for-your-organization
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-billing-for-codespaces-in-your-organization
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-repository-and-organization-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-access-to-machine-types
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-base-image-for-codespaces.md
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-idle-timeout-period
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-retention-period-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-visibility-of-forwarded-ports
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/reviewing-your-organizations-audit-logs-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/understanding-billing-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/disaster-recovery-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/security-in-codespaces
ms.openlocfilehash: 24bf08da053efd9f822b1eb43bacbbe822c1ba8b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 27882d9b3f19979c817c25952a2fb4dc4c6f0a65
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 10/27/2022
ms.locfileid: '148113895'
---

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@d3d86b95 by PCIT

codespaces/guides.md, after:

---
title: 代码空间指南
shortTitle: Guides
intro: 了解如何充分利用 GitHub
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
layout: product-guides
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
includeGuides:
  - /codespaces/getting-started/quickstart
  - /codespaces/getting-started/deep-dive
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-nodejs-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-python-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-dotnet-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-up-your-java-project-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/setting-a-minimum-specification-for-codespace-machines
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/automatically-opening-files-in-the-codespaces-for-a-repository
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-codespaces-badge
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/introduction-to-dev-containers
  - /codespaces/setting-up-your-codespace/personalizing-codespaces-for-your-account
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace-for-a-repository
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace-from-a-template
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/developing-in-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/deleting-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/opening-an-existing-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/stopping-and-starting-a-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-github-codespaces-in-visual-studio-code
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-github-codespaces-in-your-jetbrains-ide
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-github-codespaces-with-github-cli
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-source-control-in-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-codespaces-for-pull-requests
  - /codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/changing-the-machine-type-for-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/changing-the-machine-type-for-your-codespace
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/configuring-automatic-deletion-of-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/personalizing-codespaces-for-your-account
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-editor-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-timeout-period-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-repository-access-for-your-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-editor-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/enabling-codespaces-for-your-organization
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-billing-for-codespaces-in-your-organization
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-repository-and-organization-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-access-to-machine-types
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-base-image-for-codespaces.md
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-idle-timeout-period
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-retention-period-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-visibility-of-forwarded-ports
  - /codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/reviewing-your-organizations-audit-logs-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/understanding-billing-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/disaster-recovery-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/security-in-codespaces
ms.openlocfilehash: e11e89910b01bc3656cfc2982f13d48f99ee72b6
ms.sourcegitcommit: e8c012864f13f9146e53fcb0699e2928c949ffa8
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/09/2022
ms.locfileid: '148159187'
---
