codespaces/overview.md, before:

---
title: GitHub Codespaces 概述
shortTitle: Overview
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
intro: '本指南介绍了 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}，并详细介绍了它的工作原理和使用方法。'
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/about-codespaces
  - /github/developing-online-with-github-codespaces/about-github-codespaces
  - /github/developing-online-with-codespaces/about-codespaces
  - /codespaces/getting-started-with-codespaces/about-codespaces
  - /codespaces/about-codespaces
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Codespaces
ms.openlocfilehash: ea92784b32d63e5f5d9268a1077009ea7bf8b382
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5f9527483381cfb1e41f2322f67c80554750a47d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/11/2022
ms.locfileid: '147111216'
---
## 什么是代码空间？

代码空间是托管在云中的开发环境。 可通过将[配置文件](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/configuring-codespaces-for-your-project)提交到存储库（通常称为“配置即代码”）来为 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 自定义项目，这将为项目的所有用户创建可重复的 codespace 配置。

{% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 在 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 托管的各种基于 VM 的计算选项上运行，你最少可以配置 2 台核心计算机，最多可以配置 32 台核心计算机。 您可以从浏览器或使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 本地连接到代码空间。

![显示 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 工作原理的图表](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-diagram.png)

## 使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}

您可以从存储库中的任何分支或提交创建代码空间，并使用基于云的计算资源开始开发。 {% data reusables.codespaces.links-to-get-started %}

若要自定义 codespace 中的运行时和工具，可以为存储库创建一个或多个开发容器配置。 将开发容器配置添加到存储库后，可以定义适合用户将在存储库中执行的工作的不同开发环境选择。 

如果不添加开发容器配置，{% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 会将存储库克隆到具有默认 codespace 映像的环境中，该映像包含许多工具、语言和运行时环境。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[开发容器简介](/codespaces/setting-up-your-codespace/configuring-codespaces-for-your-project)”。

还可通过使用公共[点文件](https://dotfiles.github.io/tutorials/)存储库和[设置同步](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/settings-sync)来对 codespace 环境的各个方面进行个性化设置。个性化设置可以包括 shell 首选项、其他工具、编辑器设置和 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} 扩展。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[自定义代码空间](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace)”。

## 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的计费

有关 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的定价、存储和使用情况的信息，请参阅“[管理 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的计费](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/about-billing-for-codespaces)”。

{% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-spending-limit-requirement %} 有关组织所有者和计费管理员如何管理组织的 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的支出限制的信息，请参阅“[管理 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的支出限制](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-spending-limits-for-codespaces)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

codespaces/overview.md, after:

---
title: GitHub Codespaces overview
shortTitle: Overview
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
intro: 'This guide introduces {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} and provides details on how it works and how to use it.'
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/about-codespaces
  - /github/developing-online-with-github-codespaces/about-github-codespaces
  - /github/developing-online-with-codespaces/about-codespaces
  - /codespaces/getting-started-with-codespaces/about-codespaces
  - /codespaces/about-codespaces
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Codespaces
---

## What is a codespace?

A codespace is a development environment that's hosted in the cloud. You can customize your project for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} by committing [configuration files](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/configuring-codespaces-for-your-project) to your repository (often known as Configuration-as-Code), which creates a repeatable codespace configuration for all users of your project.

{% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} run on a variety of VM-based compute options hosted by {% data variables.product.product_location %}, which you can configure from 2 core machines up to 32 core machines. You can connect to your codespaces from the browser or locally using {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}.

![A diagram showing how {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} works](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-diagram.png)

## Using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}

You can create a codespace from any branch or commit in your repository and begin developing using cloud-based compute resources. {% data reusables.codespaces.links-to-get-started %}

To customize the runtimes and tools in your codespace, you can create one or more dev container configurations for your repository. Adding dev container configurations to your repository allows you to define a choice of different development environments that are appropriate for the work people will do in your repository. 

If you don't add a dev container configuration, {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} will clone your repository into an environment with the default codespace image that includes many tools, languages, and runtime environments. For more information, see "[Introduction to dev containers](/codespaces/setting-up-your-codespace/configuring-codespaces-for-your-project)".

You can also personalize aspects of your codespace environment by using a public [dotfiles](https://dotfiles.github.io/tutorials/) repository and [Settings Sync](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/settings-sync). Personalization can include shell preferences, additional tools, editor settings, and {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} extensions. For more information, see "[Customizing your codespace](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace)".

## About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}

For information on pricing, storage, and usage for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}, see "[About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/about-billing-for-github-codespaces)."

{% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-spending-limit-requirement %} For information on how organizations owners and billing managers can manage the spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} for an organization, see "[Managing spending limits for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-spending-limits-for-github-codespaces)."
