get-started/quickstart/be-social.md, before:

---
title: 社交化
redirect_from:
  - /be-social
  - /articles/be-social
  - /github/getting-started-with-github/be-social
  - /github/getting-started-with-github/quickstart/be-social
intro: '您可以在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上与人员、仓库及组织进行互动。 从您的个人仪表板查看其他人正在做什么，在跟谁联系。'
permissions: '{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-permission-interact %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Profile
  - Pull requests
  - Issues
  - Notifications
  - Accounts
---

要了解有关访问个人仪表板的信息，请参阅“[关于个人仪表板](/articles/about-your-personal-dashboard)”。

## 关注他人

在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上关注某人后，您将会在您的个人仪表板中收到有关其公共活动的通知。 如果您关注的某人创建了一个新存储库、为存储库添加星标或关注其他用户，则该活动将显示在您的仪表板中。

在某人的个人资料页面上单击 **Follow（关注）**可关注他们。

![关注用户按钮](/assets/images/help/profile/follow-user-button.png)

更多信息请参阅“[关注人员](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/following-people)”。

## 关注仓库

您可以订阅存储库以关注它并接收其中活动的通知。 当所有者更新仓库时，您将在个人仪表板中看到其更改。 更多信息请参阅“[查看订阅](/github/managing-subscriptions-and-notifications-on-github/viewing-your-subscriptions)”。

在仓库顶部单击 **Watch（关注）**可关注它。

![关注仓库按钮](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-actions-watch.png)

## 加入对话

{% data reusables.support.ask-and-answer-forum %}

## {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上的通信

{% data variables.product.product_name %} 提供内置的协作通信工具，让您在构建出色的软件时与社区密切互动。 例如，您可以通过创建拉取请求来为其他用户的项目做出贡献，或者使用议题来跟踪 Bug 或在存储库中提出想法。 您还可以通过讨论与您的团队一起集思广益。

有关这些工具的概述，请参阅“[{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 通信快速入门](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/quickstart-for-communicating-on-github)”。

## 参与组织

组织是共享帐户，其中业务和开源项目可一次协助处理多个项目。 所有者和管理员可建立具有特殊权限的团队、拥有公共组织资料以及跟踪组织内的活动。 更多信息请参阅“[关于组织](/articles/about-organizations/)”。

在仪表板中，单击仪表板左侧用户名的下拉菜单。 在这里，您可以查看您所属的组织，并在它们之间轻松切换。

![切换帐户上下文下拉列表](/assets/images/help/overview/dashboard-contextswitcher.png)

{% ifversion for-you-feed %}

## 关注组织

{% data reusables.organizations.follow-organizations-beta %}

{% data reusables.organizations.about-following-organizations %}

To follow an organization, in the header of the organization's page, click **Follow**.

![组织标题的屏幕截图，突出显示了“关注”按钮](/assets/images/help/profile/organization-profile-following.png)

For more information, see "[Following organizations](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/following-organizations)."

{% endif %}

## 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上探索其他项目

您可以在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 的 Explore（探索）页面上发现新的和有趣的项目。 您可以为有趣的项目加注星标，以便以后再次轻松找到它们。 访问您的星标页面，查看所有已加星标的项目。 有关星标的更多信息，请参阅“[使用星标保存仓库](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/saving-repositories-with-stars)”。

您的仪表板源会根据您的兴趣显示项目，包括您关注的存储库、您关注的人员以及您对公共存储库的贡献。 在仪表板中，您可以查看热门项目、查看主题和查看集合。

要探索更多项目，请参阅“{% data variables.explore.explore_github %}”。

## 后续步骤
您现在已连接到 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 社区。 还有其他方法可以在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 中进行交互和构建。

* {% data reusables.getting-started.set-up-git %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.create-a-repository %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.fork-a-repository %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.contributing-to-projects  %}

* {% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@018ed392 by PCIT

get-started/quickstart/be-social.md, after:

---
title: Be social
redirect_from:
  - /be-social
  - /articles/be-social
  - /github/getting-started-with-github/be-social
  - /github/getting-started-with-github/quickstart/be-social
intro: 'You can interact with people, repositories, and organizations on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. See what others are working on and who they are connecting with from your personal dashboard.'
permissions: '{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-permission-interact %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Profile
  - Pull requests
  - Issues
  - Notifications
  - Accounts
---
To learn about accessing your personal dashboard, see "[About your personal dashboard](/articles/about-your-personal-dashboard)."

## Following people

When you follow someone on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}, you will get notifications on your personal dashboard about their public activity. If someone you follow creates a new repository, stars a repository, or follows another user, the activity will display in your dashboard. 

Click **Follow** on a person's profile page to follow them.

![Follow user button](/assets/images/help/profile/follow-user-button.png)

For more information, see "[Following people](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/following-people)."

## Watching a repository

You can subscribe to a repository to watch it and receive notifications for activity in it. When the owner updates the repository, you will see the changes in your personal dashboard. For more information, see "[Viewing your subscriptions](/github/managing-subscriptions-and-notifications-on-github/viewing-your-subscriptions)."

Click **Watch** at the top of a repository to watch it.

![Watch repository button](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-actions-watch.png)

## Joining the conversation

{% data reusables.support.ask-and-answer-forum %}

## Communicating on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

{% data variables.product.product_name %} provides built-in collaborative communication tools, allowing you to interact closely with your community when building great software. For example, you can contribute to another user's project by creating a pull request, or use issues to track bugs or suggest ideas in a repository. You can also brainstorm new ideas with your team with discussions. 

For an overview of these tools, see "[Quickstart for communicating on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/quickstart-for-communicating-on-github)."

## Participating in organizations

Organizations are shared accounts where businesses and open-source projects can collaborate across many projects at once. Owners and administrators can establish teams with special permissions, have a public organization profile, and keep track of activity within the organization. For more information, see "[About organizations](/articles/about-organizations/)."

From your dashboard, click the drop down menu of your username on the left side of your dashboard. Here, you can view organizations that you are a part of and easily switch between them.

![Switch account context dropdown](/assets/images/help/overview/dashboard-contextswitcher.png)

{% ifversion for-you-feed %}

## Following organizations

{% data reusables.organizations.follow-organizations-beta %}

{% data reusables.organizations.about-following-organizations %}

To follow an organization, in the header of the organization's page, click **Follow**.

![Screenshot of the organization header, with the follow button highlighted](/assets/images/help/profile/organization-profile-following.png)

For more information, see "[Following organizations](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/following-organizations)."

{% endif %}

## Exploring other projects on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}

You can discover new and interesting projects on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}'s Explore page. You can star interesting projects to make them easy to find again later. Visit your stars page to see all your starred projects. For more information about stars, see "[Saving repositories with stars](/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/saving-repositories-with-stars)."

Your dashboard feed displays projects based on your interests including repositories you star, people you follow, and your contributions to public repositories. From your dashboard, you can see trending projects, view topics, and check out collections. 

To explore more projects, see "{% data variables.explore.explore_github %}".

## Next steps
You are now connected to the {% data variables.product.product_name %} community. There are other ways to interact and build within {% data variables.product.product_name %}.

* {% data reusables.getting-started.set-up-git %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.create-a-repository %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.fork-a-repository %}

* {% data reusables.getting-started.contributing-to-projects  %}

* {% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %}
