codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-vs-code-command-palette-in-codespaces.md, before:

---
title: 在 GitHub Codespaces 中使用 Visual Studio 代码命令面板
intro: '您可以使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 的“命令面板”功能访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 中的许多命令。'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Visual Studio Code
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
shortTitle: VS 代码命令面板
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces
---

## 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette %}

命令面板是 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 的焦点功能之一，可用于 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}。 命令调色板允许您访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} 的许多命令。 有关使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} 的更多信息，请参阅 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} 文档中的[用户界面](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface#_command-palette)。

## 访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}

您可以通过多种方式访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}。

- <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)。

  请注意，此命令是 Firefox 中保留的键盘快捷键。
- <kbd>F1</kbd>
- 从应用程序菜单点击 **View > Command Palette…（查看命令调色板…）**。

  ![应用程序菜单](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-view-menu.png)

## {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 命令

要查看与 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 相关的所有命令， [访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette)，然后开始键入 "Codespaces"。

![与代码空间相关的所有命令列表](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-command-palette.png)

### 挂起或停止代码空间

如果添加新密钥或更换机器类型，则必须停止并重新启动代码空间才能应用更改。

要暂停或停止代码空间的容器，[访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette)，然后开始键入"stop"。 选择 **Codespaces: Stop Current Codespace（Codespace：停止当前 Codespace）**。

![停止代码空间的命令](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-stop.png)

### 从模板添加开发容器

要从模板添加开发容器，[访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette)，然后开始键入 "dev container"。 选择 **Codespaces: Add Development Container Configuration Files...（Codespaces：添加开发容器配置文件...）**

![添加开发容器的命令](/assets/images/help/codespaces/add-prebuilt-container-command.png)

### 重建代码空间

如果您添加 dev 容器或编辑任何配置文件（`devcontainer.json` 和 `Dockerfile`），则需要重建代码空间才可应用更改。

要重建容器，[访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette)，然后开始键入 "rebuild"。 选择 **Codespaces: Rebuild Container（代码空间：重建容器）**。

![重建代码空间的命令](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-rebuild.png)

### Codespaces 日志

可以使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} 访问代码空间创建日志，也可以使用它导出所有日志。

要检索 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的日志，[请访问 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette)，然后开始键入“log”。 选择 **Codespaces: Export Logs（Codespaces：导出日志）**以导出所有与 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 相关的日志，或选择 **Codespaces: View Creation Logs（Codespaces：查看创建日志）**以查看与设置相关的日志。

![访问日志的命令](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-logs.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@018ed392 by PCIT

codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-vs-code-command-palette-in-codespaces.md, after:

---
title: Using the Visual Studio Code Command Palette in GitHub Codespaces
intro: 'You can use the Command Palette feature of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} to access many commands in {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Visual Studio Code
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
shortTitle: VS Code Command Palette
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces
---

## About the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette %}

The Command Palette is one of the focal features of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} and is available for you to use in {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}. The Command Palette allows you to access many commands for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} and {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %}. For more information on using the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}, see "[User Interface](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface#_command-palette)" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} documentation.

## Accessing the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}

You can access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} in a number of ways.

- <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux).

  Note that this command is a reserved keyboard shortcut in Firefox.
- <kbd>F1</kbd>
- From the Application Menu, click **View > Command Palette…**.

  ![The application menu](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-view-menu.png)

## Commands for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}

To see all commands related to {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}, [access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette), then start typing "Codespaces".

![A list of all commands that relate to Codespaces](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-command-palette.png)

### Suspending or stopping a codespace

If you add a new secret or change the machine type, you'll have to stop and restart the codespace for it to apply your changes. 

To suspend or stop your codespace's container, [access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette), then start typing "stop". Select **Codespaces: Stop Current Codespace**.

![Command to stop a codespace](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-stop.png)

### Adding a dev container from a template

To add a dev container from a template, [access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette), then start typing "dev container". Select **Codespaces: Add Development Container Configuration Files...**

![Command to add a dev container](/assets/images/help/codespaces/add-prebuilt-container-command.png)

### Rebuilding a codespace

If you add a dev container or edit any of the configuration files (`devcontainer.json` and `Dockerfile`), you'll have to rebuild your codespace for it to apply your changes. 

To rebuild your container, [access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette), then start typing "rebuild". Select **Codespaces: Rebuild Container**.

![Command to rebuild a codespace](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-rebuild.png)

### Codespaces logs

You can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} to access the codespace creation logs, or you can use it export all logs. 

To retrieve the logs for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}, [access the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %}](#accessing-the-command-palette), then start typing "log". Select **Codespaces: Export Logs** to export all logs related to {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} or select **Codespaces: View Creation Logs** to view logs related to the setup.

![Command to access logs](/assets/images/help/codespaces/codespaces-logs.png)
