authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/token-expiration-and-revocation.md, before:

---
title: 令牌过期和吊销
intro: '您的令牌可能会过期，也可以由您、您授权的应用程序以及 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 自行吊销。'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Identity
  - Access management
shortTitle: Token expiration
redirect_from:
  - /github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/token-expiration-and-revocation
ms.openlocfilehash: aa1d8902fc120aa616b8a3355f1add21a482d99e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145084634'
---
当令牌 {% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.2 or ghec %}已过期或 {% endif %} 已撤销时，它不能再用于对 Git 和 API 请求进行身份验证。 无法还原过期或已吊销的令牌，您或应用程序将需要创建新令牌。

本文介绍了 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 令牌可能被吊销或过期的可能原因。

{% note %}

**注意：** 当个人访问令牌或 OAuth 令牌过期或撤销时，你可能会在安全日志中看到 `oauth_authorization.destroy` 操作。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[查看安全日志](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-security-log)”。

{% endnote %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.2 or ghec %}
## 令牌在到达其到期日期后被吊销

创建个人访问令牌时，建议为令牌设置过期时间。 到达令牌的到期日期后，令牌将自动吊销。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[创建个人访问令牌](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)”。
{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
## 令牌在推送到公共存储库或公共 Gist 时被吊销

如果将有效的 OAuth 令牌、{% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} 令牌或个人访问令牌推送到公共存储库或公共 gist，则该令牌将自动吊销。 

推送到公共存储库和公共 gist 的 OAuth 令牌和个人访问令牌只有在令牌具有作用域时才会被吊销。
{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
## 令牌因未使用而过期

当 OAuth 令牌或个人访问令牌一年内未使用时，{% data variables.product.product_name %} 会自动将其吊销。
{% endif %}

## 用户吊销令牌

您可以从帐户设置中撤销对 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} 或 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 的授权，这将吊销与应用程序关联的任何令牌。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[查看授权集成](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations)”和“[查看授权的应用程序 (OAuth)](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-applications-oauth)”。

撤销授权后，与授权关联的任何令牌也将被吊销。 要重新授权应用程序，请按照第三方应用程序或网站上的说明再次连接您在 {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} 上的帐户。

## {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 吊销令牌

{% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 的所有者可以撤销帐户对其应用程序的授权，这也会吊销与授权关联的任何令牌。 有关撤销 OAuth 应用的授权的详细信息，请参阅“[删除应用授权](/rest/reference/apps#delete-an-app-authorization)”。

{% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 所有者还可以撤销与授权关联的单个令牌。 有关撤消 OAuth 应用的单个令牌的详细信息，请参阅“[删除应用令牌](/rest/apps/oauth-applications#delete-an-app-token)”。

## 令牌由于具有相同作用域的 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 的令牌过多而被吊销

{% data reusables.apps.oauth-token-limit %}

## 用户令牌因配置 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} 而被吊销

默认情况下，由 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} 创建的用户到服务器令牌将在八小时后过期。 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_apps %} 的所有者可以配置其应用，以便用户到服务器的令牌不会过期。 有关更改 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 应用的用户到服务器令牌的行为方式的详细信息，请参阅“[激活应用的可选功能](/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/activating-optional-features-for-apps)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/token-expiration-and-revocation.md, after:

---
title: Token expiration and revocation
intro: 'Your tokens can expire and can also be revoked by you, applications you have authorized, and {% data variables.product.product_name %} itself.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Identity
  - Access management
shortTitle: Token expiration
redirect_from:
  - /github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/token-expiration-and-revocation
---

When a token {% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.2 or ghec %}has expired or {% endif %} has been revoked, it can no longer be used to authenticate Git and API requests. It is not possible to restore an expired or revoked token, you or the application will need to create a new token.

This article explains the possible reasons your {% data variables.product.product_name %} token might be revoked or expire.

{% note %}

**Note:** When a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} or OAuth token expires or is revoked, you may see an `oauth_authorization.destroy` action in your security log. For more information, see "[Reviewing your security log](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-security-log)."

{% endnote %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.2 or ghec %}
## Token revoked after reaching its expiration date

When you create a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %}, we recommend that you set an expiration for your token. Upon reaching your token's expiration date, the token is automatically revoked. For more information, see "[Creating a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %}](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)."
{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
## Token revoked when pushed to a public repository or public gist

If a valid OAuth token, {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} token, or {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} is pushed to a public repository or public gist, the token will be automatically revoked. 

OAuth tokens and personal {% data variables.product.pat_v1_plural %} pushed to public repositories and public gists will only be revoked if the token has scopes.{% ifversion pat-v2 %} {% data variables.product.pat_v2_caps %}s will always be revoked.{% endif %}

{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
## Token expired due to lack of use

{% data variables.product.product_name %} will automatically revoke an OAuth token or {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} when the token hasn't been used in one year.
{% endif %}

## Token revoked by the user

You can revoke your authorization of a {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} or {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} from your account settings which will revoke any tokens associated with the app. For more information, see "[Reviewing your authorized integrations](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations)" and "[Reviewing your authorized applications (OAuth)](/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-applications-oauth)."

Once an authorization is revoked, any tokens associated with the authorization will be revoked as well. To re-authorize an application, follow the instructions from the third-party application or website to connect your account on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% endif %} again.

## Token revoked by the {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}

The owner of an {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} can revoke an account's authorization of their app, this will also revoke any tokens associated with the authorization. For more information about revoking authorizations of your OAuth app, see "[Delete an app authorization](/rest/reference/apps#delete-an-app-authorization)."

{% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} owners can also revoke individual tokens associated with an authorization. For more information about revoking individual tokens for your OAuth app, see "[Delete an app token](/rest/apps/oauth-applications#delete-an-app-token)".

## Token revoked due to excess of tokens for an {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} with the same scope

{% data reusables.apps.oauth-token-limit %}

## User token revoked due to {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} configuration

User-to-server tokens created by a {% data variables.product.prodname_github_app %} will expire after eight hours by default. Owners of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_apps %} can configure their apps so that user-to-server tokens do not expire. For more information about changing how your {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} App's user-to-server tokens behave, see "[Activating optional features for apps](/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/activating-optional-features-for-apps)."
