codespaces/troubleshooting/github-codespaces-logs.md, before:

---
title: GitHub Codespaces logs
intro: 'Overview of the logging locations used by {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Logging
shortTitle: Codespaces logs
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/codespaces-logs
---


Information on {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} is output to three different logs:

- Codespace logs
- Creation logs
- Extension logs ({% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop) or Browser console logs ({% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} in the web)

## Codespace logs

These logs contain detailed information about the codespace, the container, the session, and the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} environment. They are useful for diagnosing connection issues and other unexpected behavior. For example, the codespace freezes but the "Reload Windows" option unfreezes it for a few minutes, or you are randomly disconnected from the codespace but able to reconnect immediately.

{% webui %}

1. If you are using {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} in the browser, ensure that you are connected to the codespace you want to debug.
1. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Export logs**. Select **Codespaces: Export Logs** from the list to download the logs.
1. Define where to save the zip archive of logs then click **Save** (desktop) or click **OK** (web).
1. If you are using {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} in the browser, right-click on the zip archive of logs from the Explorer view and select **Download…** to download them to your local machine.

{% endwebui %}

{% vscode %}

1. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Export logs**. Select **Codespaces: Export Logs** from the list to download the logs.
1. Define where to save the zip archive of logs then click **Save** (desktop) or click **OK** (web).

{% endvscode %}

{% cli %}

Currently you can't use {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to access these logs. To access them, open your codespace in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or in a browser.

{% endcli %}

## Creation logs

These logs contain information about the container, dev container, and their configuration. They are useful for debugging configuration and setup problems.


{% webui %}

1. Connect to the codespace you want to debug.
2. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Creation logs**. Select **Codespaces: View Creation Log** from the list to open the `creation.log` file.

If you want to share the log with support, you can copy the text from the creation log into a text editor and save the file locally.

{% endwebui %}

{% vscode %}

Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Creation logs**. Select **Codespaces: View Creation Log** from the list to open the `creation.log` file.

If you want to share the log with support, you can copy the text from the creation log into a text editor and save the file locally.

{% endvscode %}

{% cli %}

{% data reusables.cli.cli-learn-more %}

To see the creation log use the `gh codespace logs` subcommand. After entering the command choose from the list of codespaces that's displayed.

```shell
gh codespace logs
```

For more information about this command, see [the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} manual](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_codespace_logs).

If you want to share the log with support, you can save the output to a file:

```shell
gh codespace logs -c <CODESPACE-NAME> > /path/to/logs.txt
```

{% endcli %}

## Extension logs

These logs are available for {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop users only. They are useful if it seems like the {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} extension or {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} editor are having issues that prevent creation or connection.

1. In {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, open the Command Palette.
1. Type **Logs** and select **Developer: Open Extension Logs Folder** from the list to open the extension log folder in your system's file explorer.

From this view, you can access logs generated by the various extensions that you use in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}. You will see logs for GitHub Codespaces, GitHub Authentication, and Git, in addition to any other extensions you have enabled.

## Browser console logs

These logs are useful only if you want to debug problems with using {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} in the browser. They are useful for debugging problems creating and connecting to {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}.

1. In the browser window for the codespace you want to debug, open the developer tools window.
1. Display the "Console" tab and click **errors** in the left side bar to show only the errors.
1. In the log area on the right, right-click and select **Save as** to save a copy of the errors to your local machine.
  ![Save errors](/assets/images/help/codespaces/browser-console-log-save.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

codespaces/troubleshooting/github-codespaces-logs.md, after:

---
title: GitHub Codespaces logs
intro: 'Overview of the logging locations used by {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Logging
shortTitle: Codespaces logs
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/codespaces-logs
---


Information on {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} is output to three different logs:

- Codespace logs
- Creation logs
- Extension logs ({% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop) or Browser console logs ({% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} in the web)

## Codespace logs

These logs contain detailed information about the codespace, the container, the session, and the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} environment. They are useful for diagnosing connection issues and other unexpected behavior. For example, the codespace freezes but the "Reload Windows" option unfreezes it for a few minutes, or you are randomly disconnected from the codespace but able to reconnect immediately.

{% webui %}

1. If you are using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} in the browser, ensure that you are connected to the codespace you want to debug.
1. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Export logs**. Select **Codespaces: Export Logs** from the list to download the logs.
1. Define where to save the zip archive of logs then click **Save** (desktop) or click **OK** (web).
1. If you are using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} in the browser, right-click on the zip archive of logs from the Explorer view and select **Download…** to download them to your local machine.

{% endwebui %}

{% vscode %}

1. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Export logs**. Select **Codespaces: Export Logs** from the list to download the logs.
1. Define where to save the zip archive of logs then click **Save** (desktop) or click **OK** (web).

{% endvscode %}

{% cli %}

Currently you can't use {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to access these logs. To access them, open your codespace in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or in a browser.

{% endcli %}

## Creation logs

These logs contain information about the container, dev container, and their configuration. They are useful for debugging configuration and setup problems.


{% webui %}

1. Connect to the codespace you want to debug.
2. Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Creation logs**. Select **Codespaces: View Creation Log** from the list to open the `creation.log` file.

If you want to share the log with support, you can copy the text from the creation log into a text editor and save the file locally.

{% endwebui %}

{% vscode %}

Open the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_command_palette_shortname %} (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Mac) / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (Windows/Linux)) and type **Creation logs**. Select **Codespaces: View Creation Log** from the list to open the `creation.log` file.

If you want to share the log with support, you can copy the text from the creation log into a text editor and save the file locally.

{% endvscode %}

{% cli %}

{% data reusables.cli.cli-learn-more %}

To see the creation log use the `gh codespace logs` subcommand. After entering the command choose from the list of codespaces that's displayed.

```shell
gh codespace logs
```

For more information about this command, see [the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} manual](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_codespace_logs).

If you want to share the log with support, you can save the output to a file:

```shell
gh codespace logs -c <CODESPACE-NAME> > /path/to/logs.txt
```

{% endcli %}

## Extension logs

These logs are available for {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop users only. They are useful if it seems like the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension or {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} editor are having issues that prevent creation or connection.

1. In {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, open the Command Palette.
1. Type **Logs** and select **Developer: Open Extension Logs Folder** from the list to open the extension log folder in your system's file explorer.

From this view, you can access logs generated by the various extensions that you use in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}. You will see logs for GitHub Codespaces, GitHub Authentication, and Git, in addition to any other extensions you have enabled.

## Browser console logs

These logs are useful only if you want to debug problems with using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} in the browser. They are useful for debugging problems creating and connecting to {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.

1. In the browser window for the codespace you want to debug, open the developer tools window.
1. Display the "Console" tab and click **errors** in the left side bar to show only the errors.
1. In the log area on the right, right-click and select **Save as** to save a copy of the errors to your local machine.
  ![Save errors](/assets/images/help/codespaces/browser-console-log-save.png)
