codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-port-forwarding-for-github-codespaces.md, before:

---
title: GitHub Codespaces 的端口转发疑难解答
intro: 常见端口转发问题的疑难解答步骤。
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Port forwarding
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-port-forwarding-for-codespaces
ms.openlocfilehash: e6ce1be59f9154f8c192bab215e68dd3dfdc5b6c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 43a959b8faf78d9c5b3deadffa079d24cd11650b
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/04/2022
ms.locfileid: '148134751'
---
在 codespace 内运行的应用程序向控制台输出端口时，{% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 将检测到 localhost URL 模式并自动转发端口。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[在 	codespace 中转发端口](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace)”。

如果端口未自动转发，则可以手动转发该端口。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[转发端口](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace#forwarding-a-port)”。

如果设置了端口转发，请检查以下各项：

- 使用通知提示或点击终端中的 URL 打开转发的端口。 如果通过浏览器连接到 codespace，则在本地计算机上键入 `localhost:8000`（作为示例）将不起作用。
- 确保检查应用程序是否仍在代码空间中运行。 如果代码空间在一段时间不活动后停止，则需要确保在代码空间重新启动后重新启动应用程序。

通常，可使转发端口可公开访问，也可在拥有存储库的组织内访问。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[在 	codespace 中转发端口](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace)”。 如果公共或组织可见性选项中的任何一个或两者都不可用，则表示已配置了组织级别的策略。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[限制转发端口的可见性](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-visibility-of-forwarded-ports)”。

{% data reusables.codespaces.forwarded-ports-environment-variable %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@d3d86b95 by PCIT

codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-port-forwarding-for-github-codespaces.md, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting port forwarding for GitHub Codespaces
intro: Troubleshooting steps for common port forwarding issues.
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Port forwarding
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-port-forwarding-for-codespaces
---

When an application running inside a codespace outputs a port to the console, {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}  detects the localhost URL pattern and automatically forwards the port. For more information, see "[Forwarding ports in your codespace](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace)."

If a port is not automatically forwarded, you can forward it manually. For more information, see "[Forwarding a port](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace#forwarding-a-port)."

If port forwarding is set up, check the following:

- Use the link in the notification "toast" message, that pops up in the bottom right corner of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %}, or click the URL in Terminal, to open the forwarded port. Typing in `localhost:8000` (as an example) to your local machine will not work if you're connected to the codespace via the browser.
- Make sure to check that your application is still running from within your codespace. If your codespace has stopped after a period of inactivity, you'll need to ensure to restart your application once the codespace has restarted.

Typically, you can make a forwarded port accessible publicly, or within the organization that owns a repository. For more information, see "[Forwarding ports in your codespace](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/forwarding-ports-in-your-codespace)." If either, or both, of the options for public or organization visibility are not available, this indicates that an organization-level policy has been configured. For more information, see "[Restricting the visibility of forwarded ports](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-visibility-of-forwarded-ports)."

{% data reusables.codespaces.forwarded-ports-environment-variable %}
