codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-your-connection-to-github-codespaces.md, before:

---
title: Troubleshooting your connection to GitHub Codespaces
intro: 'Troubleshooting help for connecting to {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Connection
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-your-connection-to-codespaces
---

## 503 codespace service unavailable

Codespaces are set to stop after 30 minutes without any activity. If you try to interact with a codespace after it has stopped, you may see a `503 service unavailable` error. 

- If a **Start** button is shown in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or in your browser window, click **Start** to reconnect to the codespace.
- Reset your codespace by reloading the window. From the [Command Palette](/codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces#accessing-the-command-palette) in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, click **Developer: Reload Window**.

## Browser cannot connect

Sometimes you may not be able to access a codespace from your browser. If this happens, go to https://github.com/codespaces and try connecting to the codespace from that page.

  - If the codespace is not listed on that page, check that you are the owner of the codespace you are trying to connect to. You can only open a codespace that you created. The URLs for your codespaces always include your {% data variables.product.company_short %} handle.
  - If the codespace is listed but you cannot connect from that page, check whether you can connect using a different browser.

Your company network may be blocking the connection. If possible, check any logging for rejected connections on your device.

If you still cannot connect, {% data reusables.codespaces.contact-support %}

## {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension for {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} cannot connect

If you cannot connect to a codespace from {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop, use the following troubleshooting steps.

1. Check that you have the latest version of the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension installed. The extension is a preview release and frequent updates are released.
   1. In {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, display the "Extensions" tab.
   2. Select the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension to display the extension's overview page.
   3. If an update is available, a button is shown, click **Update to X.X.X** to upgrade to the latest version.
2. Check whether you are using the stable build of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or the [{% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders](https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders/) release (nightly updates). If you are using the insiders release, try installing the [stable build](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
3. Your company network may be blocking the connection. If possible, check any logging for rejected connections on your device.

If you still cannot connect, {% data reusables.codespaces.contact-support %}

### The codespace has latency issues

If the codespace seems particularly slow or has latency issues, it is possible that it has been created in a region that is far from you. To resolve this, you can [manually set your {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} region](/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces).

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@d3d86b95 by PCIT

codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-your-connection-to-github-codespaces.md, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting your connection to GitHub Codespaces
intro: 'Troubleshooting help for connecting to {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Connection
redirect_from:
  - /codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-your-connection-to-codespaces
---

## 503 codespace service unavailable

Codespaces are set to stop after 30 minutes without any activity. If you try to interact with a codespace after it has stopped, you may see a `503 service unavailable` error. 

- If a **Start** button is shown in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or in your browser window, click **Start** to reconnect to the codespace.
- Reset your codespace by reloading the window. From the [Command Palette](/codespaces/codespaces-reference/using-the-command-palette-in-codespaces#accessing-the-command-palette) in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, click **Developer: Reload Window**.

## Browser cannot connect

Sometimes you may not be able to access a codespace from your browser. If this happens, go to https://github.com/codespaces and try connecting to the codespace from that page.

  - If the codespace is not listed on that page, check that you are the owner of the codespace you are trying to connect to. You can only open a codespace that you created. The URLs for your codespaces always include your {% data variables.product.company_short %} handle.
  - If the codespace is listed but you cannot connect from that page, check whether you can connect using a different browser.

Your company network may be blocking the connection. If possible, check any logging for rejected connections on your device.

If you still cannot connect, {% data reusables.codespaces.contact-support %}

## Unable to connect to your codespace in JupyterLab

To be able to use a codespace in JupyterLab, you must ensure that your codespace has it installed. The default container image that's used by {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} includes JupyterLab, but if you have customized your dev container configuration you will have to manually install JupyterLab.

If your codespace uses a Debian-based image, you can install JupyterLab in the dev container by adding the `python` feature to your `devcontainer.json` file, with the `installJupyterlab` option set to `true`. Otherwise, install it directly in your Dockerfile. For installation instructions, see "[Installation](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/installation.html)" in the JupyterLab documentation.

For more information about the `python` feature, see the README page in the [`devcontainers/features` repository](https://github.com/devcontainers/features/tree/main/src/python). For more information about the `devcontainer.json` file and the Dockerfile, see "[Introduction to dev containers](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/introduction-to-dev-containers#devcontainerjson)."

If you still cannot connect, {% data reusables.codespaces.contact-support %}

## {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension for {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} cannot connect

If you cannot connect to a codespace from {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} desktop, use the following troubleshooting steps.

1. Check that you have the latest version of the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension installed. The extension is a preview release and frequent updates are released.
   1. In {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, display the "Extensions" tab.
   2. Select the {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} extension to display the extension's overview page.
   3. If an update is available, a button is shown, click **Update to X.X.X** to upgrade to the latest version.
2. Check whether you are using the stable build of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} or the [{% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders](https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders/) release (nightly updates). If you are using the insiders release, try installing the [stable build](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
3. Your company network may be blocking the connection. If possible, check any logging for rejected connections on your device.

If you still cannot connect, {% data reusables.codespaces.contact-support %}

### The codespace has latency issues

If the codespace seems particularly slow or has latency issues, it is possible that it has been created in a region that is far from you. To resolve this, you can [manually set your {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} region](/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/setting-your-default-region-for-codespaces).
