codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-codespaces-clients.md, before:

---
title: Codespaces 客户端疑难解答
intro: '您可以在浏览器中使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} ，也可以通过 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}使用。 本文提供常见客户端问题的疑难解答步骤。'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Codespaces clients
ms.openlocfilehash: 9b8a04083665a1f2d555d568f855e3ebdf57fb56
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145098652'
---
## {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 故障排除

当您将桌面版本的 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 连接到代码空间时，您会注意到与在普通工作区中工作相比几乎没有什么区别，但体验非常相似。 

当您在浏览器中使用 web 中的 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 打开代码空间时，您会注意到更多差异。 例如，某些键绑定将不同或丢失，并且某些扩展的行为可能不同。 有关摘要，请参阅 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 文档中的“[已知限制和调整](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/codespaces#_known-limitations-and-adaptations)”。

可使用 [`microsoft/vscode`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+codespaces) 存储库中的 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 体验检查已知问题并记录新问题。

### {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders

{% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders 是 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 中最常见的版本。 它具有所有最新功能和错误修复，但偶尔也可能包含导致构建中断的新问题。

如果你使用的是 Insiders 版本并发现损坏的行为，我们建议切换到 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable 版，然后重试。

在 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 的桌面版本上，可以通过关闭 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders 应用程序，打开 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable 应用程序，然后重新打开代码空间，切换到 Stable 版。

在 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 的 Web 版本中，可单击编辑器左下方的 {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The manage icon" %}，然后选择“切换到稳定版本…”。如果 Web 版本未加载或 {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The manage icon" %} 图标不可用，可将 `?vscodeChannel=stable` 追加到 codespace URL 并在该 URL 处加载 codespace 来强制切换到 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 稳定版本。

如果在 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable 版中未修复问题，请按照上述故障排除说明进行操作。

## 浏览器故障排除

如果在不是基于 Chromium 的浏览器中使用 codespace 时遇到问题，请尝试切换到基于 Chromium 的浏览器，或通过在 `microsoft/vscode` 存储库中搜索标有你的浏览器名称（如 [`firefox`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirefox) 或 [`safari`](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Asafari)）的问题，查找浏览器的已知问题。

如果在基于 Chromium 的浏览器中使用 codespace 时遇到问题，可在 [`microsoft/vscode`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues) 存储库中检查是否遇到 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 的另一个已知问题。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-codespaces-clients.md, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting GitHub Codespaces clients
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
intro: 'You can use {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} in your browser or through {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}. This article provides troubleshooting steps for common client issues.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Codespaces clients
---

## {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} troubleshooting

When you connect a desktop version of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} to a codespace, you will notice few differences compared with working in a normal workspace but the experience will be fairly similar. 

When you open a codespace in your browser using {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} in the web, you will notice more differences. For example, some key bindings will be different or missing, and some extensions may behave differently. For a summary, see: "[Known limitations and adaptions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/codespaces#_known-limitations-and-adaptations)" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} docs.

You can check for known issues and log new issues with the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} experience in the [`microsoft/vscode`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+codespaces) repository.

### {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders

{% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders is the most frequent release of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}. It has all the latest features and bug fixes, but may also occasionally contain new issues that result in a broken build.

If you are using an Insiders build and notice broken behavior, we recommend switching to {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable and trying again.

On the desktop version of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, you can switch to Stable by closing the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Insiders application, opening the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable application, and re-opening your codespace.

On the web version of {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, you can click {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The manage icon" %} in the bottom left of the editor and select **Switch to Stable Version...**. If the web version doesn't load or the {% octicon "gear" aria-label="The manage icon" %} icon isn't available, you can force switching to {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable by appending `?vscodeChannel=stable` to your codespace URL and loading the codespace at that URL.

If the problem isn't fixed in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} Stable, please follow the above troubleshooting instructions.

## Browser troubleshooting

If you encounter issues using codespaces in a browser that is not Chromium-based, try switching to a Chromium-based browser, or check for known issues with your browser in the `microsoft/vscode` repository by searching for issues labeled with the name of your browser, such as [`firefox`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirefox) or [`safari`](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Asafari).

If you encounter issues using codespaces in a Chromium-based browser, you can check if you're experiencing another known issue with {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} in the [`microsoft/vscode`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues) repository.
