codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-dotfiles-for-codespaces.md, before:

---
title: Codespaces 的 dotfiles 疑难解答
intro: 常见 dotfiles 问题的疑难解答步骤。
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Dotfiles
ms.openlocfilehash: 64b4873a36cbdc88b5df3129c2e73e016159032e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5f9527483381cfb1e41f2322f67c80554750a47d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/11/2022
ms.locfileid: '147382234'
---
如果代码空间无法从 dotfiles 中选取配置设置，则应执行以下调试步骤。

1. 通过在[个人 Codespaces 设置](https://github.com/settings/codespaces)中选择“自动安装点文件”来启用点文件。

   ![“自动安装点文件”选项](/assets/images/help/codespaces/automatically-install-dotfiles.png)

1. 检查 `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/dotfiles` 以查看点文件是否被克隆。
   - 如果您的 dotfiles 被克隆，请尝试手动重新运行安装脚本以验证其可执行性。
   - 如果点文件未被克隆，请检查 `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/EnvironmentLog.txt` 是否存在克隆问题。
1. 检查 `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/creation.log` 以了解可能出现的问题。 有关详细信息，请参阅[创建日志](/codespaces/troubleshooting/codespaces-logs#creation-logs)。

如果已正确选取点文件中的配置，但部分配置与 codespace 不兼容，请使用 `$CODESPACES` 环境变量为特定于 codespace 的配置设置添加条件逻辑。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

codespaces/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-dotfiles-for-codespaces.md, after:

---
title: Troubleshooting dotfiles for GitHub Codespaces 
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
intro: Troubleshooting steps for common dotfiles issues.
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Codespaces
shortTitle: Dotfiles
---

If your codespace fails to pick up configuration settings from dotfiles, you should work through the following debugging steps.

1. Enable dotfiles by selecting **Automatically install dotfiles** in [your personal {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} settings](https://github.com/settings/codespaces).

   ![The 'Automatically install dotfiles' option](/assets/images/help/codespaces/automatically-install-dotfiles.png)

1. Check `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/dotfiles` to see if your dotfiles were cloned.
   - If your dotfiles were cloned, try manually re-running your install script to verify that it is executable.
   - If your dotfiles were not cloned, check `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/EnvironmentLog.txt` to see if there was a problem cloning them.
1. Check `/workspaces/.codespaces/.persistedshare/creation.log` for possible issues. For more information, see [Creation logs](/codespaces/troubleshooting/codespaces-logs#creation-logs).

If the configuration from your dotfiles is correctly picked up, but part of the configuration is incompatible with codespaces, use the `$CODESPACES` environment variable to add conditional logic for codespace-specific configuration settings.
