billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise.md, before:

---
title: 将 Azure 订阅连接到您的企业
intro: '你可以使用 Microsoft 企业协议来启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}、{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 的使用并为其付费。'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-enterprise/managing-your-enterprise-account/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-enterprise/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
versions:
  ghec: '*'
shortTitle: Connect an Azure subscription
ms.openlocfilehash: a5473ff19e403eb21242982e005663d1c8ac5962
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147110880'
---
## 关于 Azure 订阅和 {% data variables.product.product_name %}

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-microsoft-ea-overview %} 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 的计费](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions)”和“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 的计费](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-packages/about-billing-for-github-packages)”。

{% note %}

注意：如果企业帐户签署了 Microsoft 企业协议，则连接 Azure 订阅是使用超出包含金额的 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}，或使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 的唯一方法。

{% endnote %}

连接 Azure 订阅后，你还可以管理你的支出限制。

- "[Managing your spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-packages/managing-your-spending-limit-for-github-packages)"
- "[Managing your spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/managing-your-spending-limit-for-github-actions)"
- “[管理 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 的支出限制](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-spending-limits-for-codespaces)”

## 将 Azure 订阅连接到您的企业帐户

要连接 Azure 订阅，您必须拥有订阅的所有者权限。

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-tab %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.payment-information-tab %}
1. 在“付款信息”下，单击“添加 Azure 订阅”。
1. 要登录到您的 Microsoft 帐户，请按照提示执行。
1. 查看“请求的权限”提示。 如果同意条款，请单击“接受”。
1. 在“Select a subscription（选择订阅）”下，选择您想要连接到企业的 Azure 订阅 ID。

   {% note %}

   **注意：** {% data variables.product.company_short %} 的订阅权限验证将请求只读访问权限以显示可用订阅的列表。 要选择 Azure 订阅，必须对订阅拥有所有者权限。 如果默认租户没有正确的权限，则可能需要指定其他租户 ID。 有关详细信息，请参阅 Microsoft Docs 中的 [Microsoft 标识平台和 OAuth 2.0 授权代码流](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow#request-an-authorization-code)。

   {% endnote %}
1. 单击“连接”  。

## 从企业帐户断开您的 Azure 订阅

从企业帐户断开 Azure 订阅后，您的使用不能再超过您的计划所包含的时间量。

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-tab %} {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.payment-information-tab %}
1. 在“Azure 订阅”下你要断开连接的订阅 ID 右侧，单击“{% octicon "trash" aria-label="The trash icon" %}”。
1. 查看提示，然后单击“删除”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise.md, after:

---
title: Connecting an Azure subscription to your enterprise
intro: 'You can use your Microsoft Enterprise Agreement to enable and pay for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}, {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}, and {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} usage.'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-enterprise/managing-your-enterprise-account/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-enterprise/connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
versions:
  ghec: '*'
shortTitle: Connect an Azure subscription
---
## About Azure subscriptions and {% data variables.product.product_name %}

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-microsoft-ea-overview %} For more information, see "[About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions) and "[About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-packages/about-billing-for-github-packages)."

{% note %}

**Note:** If your enterprise account is on a Microsoft Enterprise Agreement, connecting an Azure subscription is the only way to use {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} beyond the included amounts, or to use {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} at all.

{% endnote %}

After you connect an Azure subscription, you can also manage your spending limits.

- "[Managing your spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-packages/managing-your-spending-limit-for-github-packages)"
- "[Managing your spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/managing-your-spending-limit-for-github-actions)"
- "[Managing your spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-spending-limits-for-codespaces)"

## Connecting your Azure subscription to your enterprise account

To connect your Azure subscription, you must have owner permissions to the subscription.

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-tab %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.payment-information-tab %}
1. Under "Payment Information", click **Add Azure Subscription**.
1. To sign in to your Microsoft account, follow the prompts.
1. Review the "Permissions requested" prompt. If you agree with the terms, click **Accept**.
1. Under "Select a subscription", select the Azure Subscription ID that you want to connect to your enterprise.

   {% note %}

   **Note:** {% data variables.product.company_short %}'s Subscription Permission Validation requests read-only access to display the list of available subscriptions. To select an Azure subscription, you must have owner permissions to the subscription. If the default tenant does not have the right permissions, you may need to specify a different tenant ID. For more information, see [Microsoft identity platform and OAuth 2.0 authorization code flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow#request-an-authorization-code) in Microsoft Docs.

   {% endnote %}
1. Click **Connect**.

## Disconnecting your Azure subscription from your enterprise account

After you disconnect your Azure subscription from your enterprise account, your usage can no longer exceed the amounts included with your plan.

{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.access-enterprise %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.settings-tab %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.billing-tab %}
{% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.payment-information-tab %}
1. Under "Azure subscription", to the right of the subscription ID you want to disconnect, click **{% octicon "trash" aria-label="The trash icon" %}**.
1. Review the prompt, then click **Remove**.
