billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts.md, before:

---
title: GitHub 帐户折扣订阅
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} 向学生、教育者、教育机构、非赢利组织和图书馆提供折扣。'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
  - /articles/discounted-personal-accounts/
  - /articles/discounted-organization-accounts/
  - /articles/discounted-billing-plans/
  - /articles/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Education
  - Discounts
  - Nonprofits
  - User account
---

{% tip %}

**提示**：{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 折扣不适用于其他付费产品和功能。

{% endtip %}

### 个人帐户折扣

拥有 {% data variables.product.prodname_free_user %} 的学生和教职工除了可使用无限公共和私有仓库外，经验证的学生还可以申请 {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %}，以便从 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 合作伙伴处获得其他好处。 更多信息请参阅“[申请学生开发包](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack)”。

### 学校和大学折扣

经验证的教师可出于教学和学术研究目的申请 {% data variables.product.prodname_team %}。 更多信息请参阅“[在课堂上和研究中使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-in-your-classroom-and-research)”。 更多信息请参阅“[在课堂和研究中使用 {{ site.data.variables.product.prodname_dotcom }}](/articles/using-github-in-your-classroom-and-research)”。 更多信息请访问 [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com/)。

### 非赢利组织和图书馆折扣

{% data variables.product.product_name %} 向符合资格的 501(c)3（或同等）组织和图书馆提供免费 {% data variables.product.prodname_team %} 、无限私有仓库、无限协作者和完全功能。 您可以在[我们的非赢利组织页面](https://github.com/nonprofit)为您的组织申请折扣。

如果组织已进行付费订阅，非赢利组织折扣适用后，组织的最后一次交易将获得退款。

### 延伸阅读

- “[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/about-billing-on-github) 计费”

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts.md, after:

---
title: Discounted subscriptions for GitHub accounts
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} provides discounts to students, educators, educational institutions, nonprofits, and libraries.'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
  - /articles/discounted-personal-accounts
  - /articles/discounted-organization-accounts
  - /articles/discounted-billing-plans
  - /articles/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: reference
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Education
  - Discounts
  - Nonprofits
  - User account
shortTitle: Discounted subscriptions
---
{% tip %}

**Tip**: Discounts for {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} do not apply to subscriptions for other paid products and features.

{% endtip %}

## Discounts for personal accounts

In addition to the unlimited public and private repositories for students and faculty with {% data variables.product.prodname_free_user %}, verified students can apply for the {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} to receive additional benefits from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} partners. For more information, see "[Apply for a student developer pack](/free-pro-team@latest/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/apply-for-a-student-developer-pack)."

## Discounts for schools and universities

Verified academic faculty can apply for {% data variables.product.prodname_team %} for teaching or academic research. For more information, see "[Use {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} in your classroom and research](/free-pro-team@latest/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/use-github-in-your-classroom-and-research)." You can also request educational materials goodies for your students. For more information, visit [{% data variables.product.prodname_education %}](https://education.github.com/).

## Discounts for nonprofits and libraries

{% data variables.product.product_name %} provides free {% data variables.product.prodname_team %} for organizations with unlimited private repositories, unlimited collaborators, and a full feature set to qualifying 501(c)3 (or equivalent) organizations and libraries. You can request a discount for your organization on [our nonprofit page](https://github.com/nonprofit).

If your organization already has a paid subscription, your organization's last transaction will be refunded once your nonprofit discount has been applied.

## Further reading

- "[About billing on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/about-billing-on-github)"
