billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/index.md, before:

---
title: 管理 GitHub 帐户的计费
shortTitle: 您的 GitHub 帐户
intro: '{% data variables.product.product_name %} 为每个帐户提供免费和付费产品。 您可以随时升级、降级和查看帐户订阅的待定更改。'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/managing-billing-for-your-github-account
  - /categories/97/articles/
  - /categories/paying-for-user-accounts/
  - /articles/paying-for-your-github-user-account/
  - /articles/managing-billing-on-github/
  - /articles/changing-your-personal-account-s-billing-plan/
  - /categories/billing/
  - /categories/3/articles/
  - /articles/managing-your-organization-s-paid-seats/
  - /articles/managing-billing-for-your-github-account
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
children:
  - /about-billing-for-github-accounts
  - /about-per-user-pricing
  - /how-does-upgrading-or-downgrading-affect-the-billing-process
  - /upgrading-your-github-subscription
  - /viewing-and-managing-pending-changes-to-your-subscription
  - /downgrading-your-github-subscription
  - /discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
---

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

billing/managing-billing-for-your-github-account/index.md, after:

---
title: Managing billing for your GitHub account
shortTitle: Your GitHub account
intro: '{% ifversion fpt %}{% data variables.product.product_name %} offers free and paid products for every account. You can upgrade, downgrade, and view pending changes to your account''s subscription at any time.{% elsif ghec or ghes or ghae %}You can manage billing for {% data variables.product.product_name %}{% ifversion ghae %}.{% elsif ghec or ghes %} from your enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}.{% endif %}{% endif %}'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/managing-billing-for-your-github-account
  - /categories/97/articles
  - /categories/paying-for-user-accounts
  - /articles/paying-for-your-github-user-account
  - /articles/managing-billing-on-github
  - /articles/changing-your-personal-account-s-billing-plan
  - /categories/billing
  - /categories/3/articles
  - /articles/managing-your-organization-s-paid-seats
  - /articles/managing-billing-for-your-github-account
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
children:
  - /about-billing-for-github-accounts
  - /about-per-user-pricing
  - /about-billing-for-your-enterprise
  - /viewing-the-subscription-and-usage-for-your-enterprise-account
  - /upgrading-your-github-subscription
  - /viewing-and-managing-pending-changes-to-your-subscription
  - /downgrading-your-github-subscription
  - /managing-invoices-for-your-enterprise
  - /connecting-an-azure-subscription-to-your-enterprise
  - /how-does-upgrading-or-downgrading-affect-the-billing-process
  - /one-time-payments-for-customers-in-india
  - /discounted-subscriptions-for-github-accounts
---
