repositories/working-with-files/managing-files/adding-a-file-to-a-repository.md, before:

---
title: 添加文件到仓库
intro: '您可以在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上或使用命令行将现有文件上传并提交到存储库。'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-from-the-command-line
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/managing-files-on-github/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/managing-files-using-the-command-line/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-large-files/about-large-files-on-github
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Add a file
ms.openlocfilehash: da76e182a16b1f72b814882b816f487b8290f3be
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147578906'
---
## 将文件添加到 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上的存储库

通过浏览器添加到仓库的文件大小限于每个文件 {% data variables.large_files.max_github_browser_size %}。 较大的文件可通过命令行添加，最大每个 {% data variables.large_files.max_github_size %}。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[使用命令行将文件添加到存储库](#adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line)”。 要添加大于 {% data variables.large_files.max_github_size %} 的文件，则必须使用 {% data variables.large_files.product_name_long %}。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的大文件](/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/about-large-files-on-github)”。

{% tip %}

**提示：**
- 您可以同时将多个文件上传到 {% data variables.product.product_name %}。
- {% data reusables.repositories.protected-branches-block-web-edits-uploads %}

{% endtip %}

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
2. 在文件列表上方，使用“添加文件”下拉列表，在其中单击“上传文件” 。
  ![“添加文件”下拉列表中的“上传文件”](/assets/images/help/repository/upload-files-button.png)
3. 将要上传的文件或文件夹拖放到文件树中。
![拖放区域](/assets/images/help/repository/upload-files-drag-and-drop.png) {% data reusables.files.write_commit_message %} {% data reusables.files.choose_commit_branch %}
6. 单击“提交更改”。
![“提交更改”按钮](/assets/images/help/repository/commit-changes-button.png)

## 使用命令行提交文件到仓库

您可以使用命令行将现有文件上传到 {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} 上的存储库。

{% tip %}

提示：还可以[将现有文件从 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 网站添加到存储库](/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository)。

{% endtip %}

{% data reusables.command_line.manipulating_file_prereqs %}

{% data reusables.repositories.sensitive-info-warning %}

1. 在计算机上，将要上传到 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 的文件移入在克隆仓库时创建的本地目录。
{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %} {% data reusables.command_line.switching_directories_procedural %} {% data reusables.git.stage_for_commit %}
  ```shell
  $ git add .
  # Adds the file to your local repository and stages it for commit. {% data reusables.git.unstage-codeblock %}
  ```
{% data reusables.git.commit-file %}
  ```shell
  $ git commit -m "Add existing file"
  # Commits the tracked changes and prepares them to be pushed to a remote repository. {% data reusables.git.reset-head-to-previous-commit-codeblock %}
  ```
{% data reusables.git.git-push %}

## 延伸阅读

- [将本地托管代码添加到 {% data variables.product.product_name %}](/get-started/importing-your-projects-to-github/importing-source-code-to-github//adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

repositories/working-with-files/managing-files/adding-a-file-to-a-repository.md, after:

---
title: Adding a file to a repository
intro: 'You can upload and commit an existing file to a repository on {% data variables.product.product_name %} or by using the command line.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-from-the-command-line
  - /articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/managing-files-on-github/adding-a-file-to-a-repository
  - /github/managing-files-in-a-repository/managing-files-using-the-command-line/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line
  - /github/managing-large-files/about-large-files-on-github
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Add a file
---

## Adding a file to a repository on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

Files that you add to a repository via a browser are limited to {% data variables.large_files.max_github_browser_size %} per file. You can add larger files, up to {% data variables.large_files.max_github_size %} each, via the command line. For more information, see "[Adding a file to a repository using the command line](#adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line)." To add files larger than {% data variables.large_files.max_github_size %}, you must use {% data variables.large_files.product_name_long %}. For more information, see "[About large files on {% data variables.product.product_name %}](/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/about-large-files-on-github)."

{% tip %}

**Tips:**
- You can upload multiple files to {% data variables.product.product_name %} at the same time.
- {% data reusables.repositories.protected-branches-block-web-edits-uploads %}

{% endtip %}

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
2. Above the list of files, using the **Add file** drop-down, click **Upload files**.
  !["Upload files" in the "Add file" dropdown](/assets/images/help/repository/upload-files-button.png)
3. Drag and drop the file or folder you'd like to upload to your repository onto the file tree.
![Drag and drop area](/assets/images/help/repository/upload-files-drag-and-drop.png)
{% data reusables.files.write_commit_message %}
{% data reusables.files.choose_commit_branch %}
6. Click **Commit changes**.
![Commit changes button](/assets/images/help/repository/commit-changes-button.png)

## Adding a file to a repository using the command line

You can upload an existing file to a repository on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% endif %} using the command line.

{% tip %}

**Tip:** You can also [add an existing file to a repository from the {% data variables.product.product_name %} website](/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository).

{% endtip %}

{% data reusables.command_line.manipulating_file_prereqs %}

{% data reusables.repositories.sensitive-info-warning %}

1. On your computer, move the file you'd like to upload to {% data variables.product.product_name %} into the local directory that was created when you cloned the repository.
{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
{% data reusables.command_line.switching_directories_procedural %}
{% data reusables.git.stage_for_commit %}
  ```shell
  $ git add .
  # Adds the file to your local repository and stages it for commit. {% data reusables.git.unstage-codeblock %}
  ```
{% data reusables.git.commit-file %}
  ```shell
  $ git commit -m "Add existing file"
  # Commits the tracked changes and prepares them to be pushed to a remote repository. {% data reusables.git.reset-head-to-previous-commit-codeblock %}
  ```
{% data reusables.git.git-push %}

## Further reading

- "[Adding locally hosted code to {% data variables.product.product_name %}](/get-started/importing-your-projects-to-github/importing-source-code-to-github//adding-locally-hosted-code-to-github)"
