organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-the-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization.md, before:

---
title: Managing the publication of GitHub Pages sites for your organization
intro: 'You can control whether organization members can publish {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites from repositories in the organization{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %} and restrict the visibilities that members can choose for the sites{% endif %}.'
permissions: 'Organization owners can manage the publication of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites from repositories in the organization.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.pages %}'
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
  enterprise-server: '>=3.0'
  github-ae: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/disabling-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/managing-the-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization
topics:
  - Organizations
  - Teams
---

{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}
If your organization uses {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, you can choose to allow organization members to create publicly published sites, privately published sites, both, or neither. Otherwise, you can choose to allow or disallow public publishing. For more information about access control for {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites, see "[Changing the visibility of your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/changing-the-visibility-of-your-github-pages-site)."
{% endif %}

If you disallow publication of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites, any sites that are already published will remain published. You can manually unpublish the site. For more information, see "[Unpublishing a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/unpublishing-a-github-pages-site)."

{% data reusables.profile.access_profile %}
{% data reusables.profile.access_org %}
{% data reusables.organizations.org_settings %}
{% data reusables.organizations.member-privileges %}{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}
1. Under "Pages creation", select the visibilities you want to allow and deselect the visibilities you want to disallow.
  ![Checkboxes to allow or disallow creation of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites](/assets/images/help/organizations/github-pages-creation-checkboxes.png){% else %}
1. Under "Pages creation", select or deselect **Allow members to publish sites**.
  ![Unselected checkbox for "Allow members to publish sites" option](/assets/images/help/organizations/org-settings-pages-disable-publication-checkbox.png){% endif %}
1. Click **Save**.

### Further reading

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %}](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages)"

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-the-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization.md, after:

---
title: Managing the publication of GitHub Pages sites for your organization
intro: 'You can control whether organization members can publish {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites from repositories in the organization{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} and restrict the visibilities that members can choose for the sites{% endif %}.'
permissions: 'Organization owners can manage the publication of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites from repositories in the organization.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.pages %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/disabling-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/managing-the-publication-of-github-pages-sites-for-your-organization
topics:
  - Organizations
  - Teams
shortTitle: Manage Pages site publication
---

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
If your organization uses {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, you can choose to allow organization members to create publicly published sites, privately published sites, both, or neither. Otherwise, you can choose to allow or disallow public publishing. For more information about access control for {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites, see "[Changing the visibility of your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/changing-the-visibility-of-your-github-pages-site)."
{% endif %}

If you disallow publication of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites, any sites that are already published will remain published. You can manually unpublish the site. For more information, see "[Unpublishing a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/unpublishing-a-github-pages-site)."

{% data reusables.profile.access_org %}
{% data reusables.profile.org_settings %}
{% data reusables.organizations.member-privileges %}{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
1. Under "Pages creation", select the visibilities you want to allow and deselect the visibilities you want to disallow.
  ![Checkboxes to allow or disallow creation of {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} sites](/assets/images/help/organizations/github-pages-creation-checkboxes.png){% else %}
1. Under "Pages creation", select or deselect **Allow members to publish sites**.
  ![Unselected checkbox for "Allow members to publish sites" option](/assets/images/help/organizations/org-settings-pages-disable-publication-checkbox.png){% endif %}
1. Click **Save**.

## Further reading

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %}](/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages)"
