codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-github-codespaces.md, before:

---
title: 管理 GitHub Codespaces 的 GPG 验证
intro: '您可以允许 {% data variables.product.company_short %} 自动使用 GPG 对在代码空间中所做的提交进行签名，以便其他人可以确信更改来自受信任的源。'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Developer
  - Security
redirect_from:
  - /github/developing-online-with-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/working-with-your-codespace/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
shortTitle: GPG verification
ms.openlocfilehash: 368f5db095ea42e87cf2517ec56f3945ca528bd1
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147111493'
---
启用 GPG 验证后，{% data variables.product.company_short %} 将自动对你在 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} 中所做的提交进行签名，并且该提交在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上具有已验证状态。 默认情况下，GPG 验证对您创建的代码空间禁用。 您可以选择对所有仓库或特定仓库允许 GPG 验证。 仅对您信任的仓库启用 GPG 验证。 有关 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 签名提交的更多信息，请参阅[关于提交签名验证](/github/authenticating-to-github/about-commit-signature-verification)。

启用 GPG 验证后，它将立即对所有代码空间生效。

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %} {% data reusables.user-settings.codespaces-tab %}
1. 在“GPG verification（GPG 验证）”下，选择您想要的 GPG 验证设置。
  ![管理 GPG 验证的单选按钮](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-radio-buttons.png) 
1. 如果您选择了“Selected repositories（所选仓库）”，请选择下拉菜单，然后单击想要启用 GPG 验证的仓库。 对您要启用 GPG 验证的所有仓库重复此操作。
  ![“所选存储库”下拉菜单](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-repository-drop-down.png) 


{% note %}

注意：为 {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} 启用 GPG 验证之后，还必须在每个提交中追加 `-S` 才能进行签名。 要在 {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %} 中这样做，请确保在 Settings（设置）中启用“Git: Enable Commit Signing（Git：启用提交签名）”选项。

{% endnote %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-github-codespaces.md, after:

---
title: Managing GPG verification for GitHub Codespaces
intro: 'You can allow {% data variables.product.company_short %} to automatically use GPG to sign commits you make in your codespaces, so other people can be confident that the changes come from a trusted source.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.codespaces %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Codespaces
  - Developer
  - Security
redirect_from:
  - /github/developing-online-with-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/working-with-your-codespace/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
  - /codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-gpg-verification-for-codespaces
shortTitle: GPG verification
---

 

After you enable GPG verification, {% data variables.product.company_short %} will automatically sign commits you make in {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}, and the commits will have a verified status on {% data variables.product.product_name %}. By default, GPG verification is disabled for codespaces you create. You can choose to allow GPG verification for all repositories or specific repositories. Only enable GPG verification for repositories that you trust. For more information about {% data variables.product.product_name %}-signed commits, see "[About commit signature verification](/github/authenticating-to-github/about-commit-signature-verification)."

Once you enable GPG verification, it will immediately take effect for all your codespaces.

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.codespaces-tab %}
1. Under "GPG verification", select the setting you want for GPG verification.
  ![Radio buttons to manage GPG verification](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-radio-buttons.png) 
1. If you chose "Selected repositories", select the drop-down menu, then click a repository you want enable GPG verification for. Repeat for all repositories you want to enable GPG verification for.
  !["Selected repositories" drop-down menu](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-gpg-verification-repository-drop-down.png) 


{% note %}

**Note:** Once you have enabled GPG verification for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}, you also must append `-S` to each commit in order for it to be signed. To do this in {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode %}, ensure the "Git: Enable Commit Signing" option is enabled from the Settings.

{% endnote %}
