account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-email-preferences/index.md, before:

---
title: 管理电子邮件首选项
intro: '您可以在 {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %}上添加或更改与您的帐户关联的电子邮件地址。 您也可以管理从 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 收到的电子邮件。'
redirect_from:
  - /categories/managing-email-preferences
  - /articles/managing-email-preferences
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Notifications
children:
  - /adding-an-email-address-to-your-github-account
  - /changing-your-primary-email-address
  - /setting-a-backup-email-address
  - /setting-your-commit-email-address
  - /blocking-command-line-pushes-that-expose-your-personal-email-address
  - /remembering-your-github-username-or-email
  - /types-of-emails-github-sends
  - /managing-marketing-emails-from-github
shortTitle: Manage email preferences
ms.openlocfilehash: 8295d9884f7b2a9bfdef329f693c6492db636a61
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145164719'
---

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-email-preferences/index.md, after:

---
title: Managing email preferences
intro: 'You can add or change the email addresses associated with your account on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.location.product_location %}{% endif %}. You can also manage emails you receive from {% data variables.product.product_name %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /categories/managing-email-preferences
  - /articles/managing-email-preferences
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Notifications
children:
  - /adding-an-email-address-to-your-github-account
  - /changing-your-primary-email-address
  - /setting-a-backup-email-address
  - /setting-your-commit-email-address
  - /blocking-command-line-pushes-that-expose-your-personal-email-address
  - /remembering-your-github-username-or-email
  - /types-of-emails-github-sends
  - /managing-marketing-emails-from-github
shortTitle: Manage email preferences
---
