admin/packages/configuring-package-ecosystem-support-for-your-enterprise.md, before:

---
title: 为企业配置包生态系统支持
intro: '您可以通过全局启用或禁用企业上的单个包生态系统（包括 Docker、RubyGems、npm、Apache Maven、Gradle 或 NuGet）为企业配置 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 。 了解支持特定包生态系统的其他配置要求。'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/packages/configuring-packages-support-for-your-enterprise
  - /admin/packages/configuring-packages-support-for-your-enterprise
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Packages
shortTitle: 配置包生态系统
---

{% data reusables.package_registry.packages-ghes-release-stage %}

## 启用或禁用单个包生态系统

要防止上传新包，可以将以前启用的生态系统设置为**只读**，同时仍允许下载现有包。

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %}
1. 在“Ecosystem Toggles（生态系统切换）”下，为每个包类型选择 **Enabled（启用）**、**Read-Only（只读）**或 **Disabled（禁用）**。
{% ifversion ghes > 3.1 %}
  ![生态系统切换](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/ecosystem-toggles.png){% else %}
![Ecosystem toggles](/assets/images/enterprise/3.1/site-admin-settings/ecosystem-toggles.png){% endif %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
## 连接到官方 npm 注册表

如果您已在企业中启用了 npm 包，并希望允许访问官方 npm 注册表以及 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} npm 注册表，则必须执行一些附加配置。

{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 使用透明的网络流量代理连接到 `registry.npmjs.com` 上的官方 npm 注册表。 代理在默认情况下已启用，不能禁用。

要允许网络连接到 npm 注册表，您需要配置网络 ACL，以允许 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 将 HTTPS 流量通过端口 443 发送到 `registry.npmjs.com`：

| 源                                                  | 目标                   | 端口      | 类型    |
| -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------- | ----- |
| {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} | `registry.npmjs.com` | TCP/443 | HTTPS |

请注意，`registry.npmjs.com` 的连接遍历 Cloudflare 网络，但此后不连接至单个静态 IP 地址；而是连接到此处列出的 CIDR 范围内的 IP 地址：https://www.cloudflare.com/ips/。

如果要启用 npm 上游源，请选择“`为 <code>npm 上游`启用</code>”。

{% endif %}

## 后续步骤

下一步，我们建议您检查是否需要更新或上传包主机 URL 的 TLS 证书。 更多信息请参阅“[企业的 GitHub Packages 使用入门](/admin/packages/getting-started-with-github-packages-for-your-enterprise)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@cbfd3632 by PCIT

admin/packages/configuring-package-ecosystem-support-for-your-enterprise.md, after:

---
title: Configuring package ecosystem support for your enterprise
intro: 'You can configure {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} for your enterprise by globally enabling or disabling individual package ecosystems on your enterprise, including {% ifversion ghes > 3.4 %}{% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %}, {% endif %}Docker, and npm. Learn about other configuration requirements to support specific package ecosystems.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/packages/configuring-packages-support-for-your-enterprise
  - /admin/packages/configuring-packages-support-for-your-enterprise
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Packages
shortTitle: Configure package ecosystems
---

{% data reusables.package_registry.packages-ghes-release-stage %}

## Enabling or disabling individual package ecosystems

To prevent new packages from being uploaded, you can set an ecosystem you previously enabled to **Read-Only**, while still allowing existing packages to be downloaded.

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %}
1. Under "Ecosystem Toggles", for each package type, select **Enabled**, **Read-Only**, or **Disabled**.
   {%- ifversion ghes > 3.4 %}{% note -%}
   **Note**: Subdomain isolation must be enabled to toggle the {% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %} options.
   {%- endnote %}{%- endif %}{%- ifversion ghes > 3.1 %}
  ![Ecosystem toggles](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/ecosystem-toggles.png){% else %}
  ![Ecosystem toggles](/assets/images/enterprise/3.1/site-admin-settings/ecosystem-toggles.png){% endif %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
## Connecting to the official npm registry

If you've enabled npm packages on your enterprise and want to allow access to the official npm registry as well as the {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} npm registry, then you must perform some additional configuration.

{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} uses a transparent proxy for network traffic that connects to the official npm registry at `registry.npmjs.com`. The proxy is enabled by default and cannot be disabled.

To allow network connections to the npm registry, you will need to configure network ACLs that allow {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} to send HTTPS traffic to `registry.npmjs.com`  over port 443:

| Source | Destination | Port | Type |
|---|---|---|---|
| {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} | `registry.npmjs.com` | TCP/443 | HTTPS |

Note that connections to `registry.npmjs.com` traverse through the Cloudflare network, and subsequently do not connect to a single static IP address; instead, a connection is made to an IP address within the CIDR ranges listed here: https://www.cloudflare.com/ips/.

If you wish to enable npm upstream sources, select `Enabled` for `npm upstreaming`.

{% endif %}

## Next steps

As a next step, we recommend you check if you need to update or upload a TLS certificate for your packages host URL. For more information, see "[Getting started with GitHub Packages for your enterprise](/admin/packages/getting-started-with-github-packages-for-your-enterprise)."
