admin/packages/enabling-github-packages-with-minio.md, before:

---
title: 使用 MinIO 启用 GitHub Packages
intro: '以 MinIO 作为外部存储设置 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 。'
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: tutorial
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Packages
  - Storage
shortTitle: Enable Packages with MinIO
ms.openlocfilehash: 2e7d76ee696dfbcd2369c577ef2d2ee803a09638
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145099001'
---
{% warning %}

警告：
- 为存储桶设置所需的限制性访问策略至关重要，因为 {% data variables.product.company_short %} 不会将特定对象权限或其他访问控制列表 (ACL) 应用于存储桶配置。 例如，如果将存储桶设为公共，则在公共互联网上可以访问存储桶中的数据。
- 我们建议对 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 使用专用存储桶，与用于 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 存储的存储桶分开。
- 请确保配置将来要使用的存储桶。 在开始使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 后，我们不建议更改存储系统。

{% endwarning %}

## 先决条件

在 {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} 上启用和配置 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 之前，您必须准备 MinIO 存储桶。 若要帮助快速设置 MinIO Bucket 并浏览 MinIO 的自定义选项，请参阅“[为 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 配置 MinIO 存储 Bucket 快速入门](/admin/packages/quickstart-for-configuring-your-minio-storage-bucket-for-github-packages)”。

确保您的 MinIO 外部存储访问密钥 ID 和密码具有以下权限：
  - `s3:PutObject`
  - `s3:GetObject`
  - `s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads`
  - `s3:ListMultipartUploadParts`
  - `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`
  - `s3:DeleteObject`
  - `s3:ListBucket`

## 使用 MinIO 外部存储启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}

虽然 MinIO 目前没有出现在“封装存储”下的用户界面中，MinIO 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} 上仍然受 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 支持。 另请注意，MinIO 的对象存储与 S3 API 兼容，您可以输入MinIO 存储桶详细信息代替 AWS S3 详细信息。

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %} {% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %} {% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %} {% data reusables.package_registry.enable-enterprise-github-packages %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
1. 在“包存储”下，选择“Amazon S3”。
1. 在 AWS 存储设置中输入 MinIO 存储桶的详细信息。
    - AWS 服务 URL：MinIO Bucket 的托管 URL。
    - AWS S3 Bucket：与 S3 兼容的 MinIO Bucket 的名称，专用于 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}。
    - AWS S3 访问密钥和 AWS S3 密钥：输入用于访问 Bucket 的 MinIO 访问密钥 ID 和密钥 。

    ![S3 AWS Bucket 详细信息的输入框](/assets/images/help/package-registry/s3-aws-storage-bucket-details.png) {% endif %} {% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

## 后续步骤

{% data reusables.package_registry.next-steps-for-packages-enterprise-setup %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

admin/packages/enabling-github-packages-with-minio.md, after:

---
title: Enabling GitHub Packages with MinIO
intro: 'Set up {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} with MinIO as your external storage.'
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: tutorial
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Packages
  - Storage
shortTitle: Enable Packages with MinIO
---

{% warning %}

**Warnings:**
- It is critical that you set the restrictive access policies you need for your storage bucket, because {% data variables.product.company_short %} does not apply specific object permissions or additional access control lists (ACLs) to your storage bucket configuration. For example, if you make your bucket public, data in the bucket will be accessible on the public internet.
- We recommend using a dedicated bucket for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}, separate from the bucket you use for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} storage.
- Make sure to configure the bucket you'll want to use in the future. We do not recommend changing your storage after you start using {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}.

{% endwarning %}

## Prerequisites

Before you can enable and configure {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} on {% data variables.location.product_location_enterprise %}, you need to prepare your MinIO storage bucket. To help you quickly set up a MinIO bucket and navigate MinIO's customization options, see the "[Quickstart for configuring your MinIO storage bucket for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}](/admin/packages/quickstart-for-configuring-your-minio-storage-bucket-for-github-packages)."

Ensure your MinIO external storage access key ID and secret have these permissions:
  - `s3:PutObject`
  - `s3:GetObject`
  - `s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads`
  - `s3:ListMultipartUploadParts`
  - `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`
  - `s3:DeleteObject`
  - `s3:ListBucket`

## Enabling {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} with MinIO external storage

Although MinIO does not currently appear in the user interface under "Package Storage", MinIO is still  supported by {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} on {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. Also, note that MinIO's object storage is compatible with the S3 API and you can enter MinIO's bucket details in place of AWS S3 details.

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %}
{% data reusables.package_registry.enable-enterprise-github-packages %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
1. Under "Packages Storage", select **Amazon S3**.
1. Enter your MinIO storage bucket's details in the AWS storage settings.
    - **AWS Service URL:** The hosting URL for your MinIO bucket.
    - **AWS S3 Bucket:** The name of your S3-compatible MinIO bucket dedicated to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}.
    - **AWS S3 Access Key** and **AWS S3 Secret Key**: Enter the MinIO access key ID and secret key to access your bucket.

    ![Entry boxes for your S3 AWS bucket's details](/assets/images/help/package-registry/s3-aws-storage-bucket-details.png)
{% endif %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

## Next steps

{% data reusables.package_registry.next-steps-for-packages-enterprise-setup %}
