admin/packages/enabling-github-packages-with-aws.md, before:

---
title: 使用 AWS 启用 GitHub Packages
intro: '以 AWS 作为外部存储设置 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 。'
versions:
  enterprise-server: '>=2.22'
topics:
  - Enterprise
---

{% warning %}

**警告：**
- 为存储桶配置所需的限制性访问策略至关重要，因为 {% data variables.product.company_short %} 不会将特定对象权限或其他访问控制列表 (ACL) 应用于存储桶配置。 例如，如果将存储桶设为公共，则在公共互联网上可以访问存储桶中的数据。 更多信息请参阅 AWS 文档中的“[设置存储桶和对象访问权限](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/set-permissions.html)”。
- 我们建议对 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 使用专用存储桶，与用于 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 存储的存储桶分开。
- 请确保配置将来要使用的存储桶。 在开始使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 后，我们不建议更改存储系统。

{% endwarning %}

### 基本要求

在 {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} 上启用和配置 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 之前，您必须准备 AWS 存储桶。 为了准备您的 AWS 存储桶，我们建议在 [AWS 文档](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/index.html)中查阅官方 AWS 文档。

确保您的 AWS 访问密钥 ID 和密钥具有以下权限：
  - `s3:PutObject`
  - `s3:GetObject`
  - `s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads`
  - `s3:ListMultipartUploadParts`
  - `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`
  - `s3:DeleteObject`
  - `s3:ListBucket`

### 使用 AWS 外部存储启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %}
{% data reusables.package_registry.enable-enterprise-github-packages %}
{% if currentVersion == "enterprise-server@2.22" %}
1. 在“AWS Service URL（AWS 服务 URL）”下，请为存储桶的区域键入S3 端点 URL。 ![AWS 服务 URL 字段](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/storage-service-url.png)
1. 在“AWS S3 Bucket（AWS S3 存储桶）”下，键入您想要用来存储软件包工件的 S3 存储桶。 ![AWS S3 存储桶字段](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/aws-s3-bucket.png)
1. 在“AWS S3 Access Key（AWS S3 访问密钥）”下，键入 S3 的访问密钥。 ![AWS S3 访问密钥字段](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/aws-s3-access-key.png)
1. 在“AWS S3 Secret Key（AWS S3 密码密钥”下，请输入 S3 的密码密钥。 ![AWS S3 密码密钥字段](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/aws-s3-secret-key.png)
1. 在“AWS S3 Region（AWS S3 区域）”下，键入 S3 的区域。 ![AWS S3 区域字段](/assets/images/enterprise/site-admin-settings/aws-s3-region.png)
{% endif %}
{% if currentVersion ver_gt "enterprise-server@2.22" %}
1. 在“Packages Storage（包存储）”下，选择 **Amazon S3** 并输入您的存储桶详细信息：
    - **AWS 服务 URL：**存储桶的服务 URL。 例如，如果您的 S3 存储桶是在 `us-west-2 region` 中创建的，则此值应为 `https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`。

      更多信息请参阅 AWS 文档中的“[AWS 服务端点](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html)”。

    - **AWS S3 桶：**专用于 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 的 S3 存储桶的名称。
    - **AWS S3 访问密钥**和 **AWS S3 密钥**：可访问存储桶的 AWS 访问密钥 ID 和密钥。

      有关管理 AWS 访问密钥的更多信息，请参阅“[AWS 身份和访问管理文档](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iam/index.html)”。

    ![S3 AWS 桶详细信息的输入框](/assets/images/help/package-registry/s3-aws-storage-bucket-details.png)
{% endif %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

### 后续步骤

{% data reusables.package_registry.next-steps-for-packages-enterprise-setup %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

admin/packages/enabling-github-packages-with-aws.md, after:

---
title: Enabling GitHub Packages with AWS
intro: 'Set up {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} with AWS as your external storage.'
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: tutorial
topics:
  - Administrator
  - Enterprise
  - Packages
  - Packages
shortTitle: Enable Packages with AWS
---

{% warning %}

**Warnings:**
- It is critical that you configure any restrictive access policies you need for your storage bucket, because {% data variables.product.company_short %} does not apply specific object permissions or additional access control lists (ACLs) to your storage bucket configuration. For example, if you make your bucket public, data in the bucket will be accessible to the public internet. For more information, see "[Setting bucket and object access permissions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/set-permissions.html)" in the AWS Documentation.
- We recommend using a dedicated bucket for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}, separate from the bucket you use for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} storage.
- Make sure to configure the bucket you'll want to use in the future. We do not recommend changing your storage after you start using {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}.

{% endwarning %}

## Prerequisites

Before you can enable and configure {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} on {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %}, you need to prepare your AWS storage bucket. To prepare your AWS storage bucket, we recommend consulting the official AWS docs at [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/index.html).

Ensure your AWS access key ID and secret have the following permissions:
  - `s3:PutObject`
  - `s3:GetObject`
  - `s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads`
  - `s3:ListMultipartUploadParts`
  - `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`
  - `s3:DeleteObject`
  - `s3:ListBucket`

## Enabling {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} with AWS external storage

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.packages-tab %}
{% data reusables.package_registry.enable-enterprise-github-packages %}

{% ifversion ghes %}
1. Under "Packages Storage", select **Amazon S3** and enter your storage bucket's details:
    - **AWS Service URL:** The service URL for your bucket. For example, if your S3 bucket was created in the `us-west-2 region`, this value should be `https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`.

      For more information, see "[AWS service endpoints](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html)" in the AWS documentation.

    - **AWS S3 Bucket:** The name of your S3 bucket dedicated to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}.
    - **AWS S3 Access Key** and **AWS S3 Secret Key**: The AWS access key ID and secret key to access your bucket.

      For more information on managing AWS access keys, see the "[AWS Identity and Access Management Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iam/index.html)."

    ![Entry boxes for your S3 AWS bucket's details](/assets/images/help/package-registry/s3-aws-storage-bucket-details.png)
{% endif %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

## Next steps

{% data reusables.package_registry.next-steps-for-packages-enterprise-setup %}
