admin/configuration/configuring-network-settings/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server.md, before:

---
title: 配置出站 Web 代理服务器
intro: '代理服务器为 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 额外提供了一级安全性。'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-a-proxy-server/
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
  - /admin/configuration/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
versions:
  enterprise-server: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
  - Infrastructure
  - Networking
---

为 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 启用代理服务器后，除非已将目标主机添加为 HTTP 代理排除项，否则会先通过代理服务器发送由 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 发送的出站消息。 出站消息类型包括传出 web 挂钩、上传包和提取旧头像。 代理服务器的 URL 为协议、域或 IP 地址外加端口号，例如 `http://127.0.0.1:8123`。

{% note %}

**注**：要将 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 连接到 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}，您的代理配置必须允许连接到 `github.com` 和 `api.github.com`。 更多信息请参阅“[将 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 连接到 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}](/enterprise/{{ currentVersion }}/admin/guides/developer-workflow/connecting-github-enterprise-server-to-github-com)”。

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.privacy %}
4. 在 **HTTP Proxy Server** 下，输入代理服务器的 URL。 ![用于输入 HTTP 代理服务器 URL 的字段](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/http-proxy-field.png)

5. 或者在 **HTTP Proxy Exclusion** 下输入不需要进行代理访问的任意主机，并以逗号分隔主机。 要将域中的所有主机排除在需要代理访问权限之外，您可以使用 `.` 作为通配符前缀。  例如：`.octo-org.tentacle` ![输入任何 HTTP 代理排除项的字段](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/http-proxy-exclusion-field.png)

{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

admin/configuration/configuring-network-settings/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server.md, after:

---
title: Configuring an outbound web proxy server
intro: 'A proxy server provides an additional level of security for {% data variables.product.product_location %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-a-proxy-server
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
  - /admin/configuration/configuring-an-outbound-web-proxy-server
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
  - Infrastructure
  - Networking
shortTitle: Configure an outbound proxy
---

## About proxies with {% data variables.product.product_name %}

When a proxy server is enabled for {% data variables.product.product_location %}, outbound messages sent by {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} are first sent through the proxy server, unless the destination host is added as an HTTP proxy exclusion. Types of outbound messages include outgoing webhooks, uploading bundles, and fetching legacy avatars. The proxy server's URL is the protocol, domain or IP address, plus the port number, for example `http://127.0.0.1:8123`.

{% note %}

**Note:**  To connect {% data variables.product.product_location %} to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}, your proxy configuration must allow connectivity to `github.com` and `api.github.com`. For more information, see "[Connecting your enterprise account to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}](/admin/configuration/managing-connections-between-your-enterprise-accounts/connecting-your-enterprise-account-to-github-enterprise-cloud)."

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.actions.proxy-considerations %} For more information about using {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} with {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %}, see "[Getting started with {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} for {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %}](/admin/github-actions/enabling-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server)."

## Configuring an outbound web proxy server

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.privacy %}
1. Under **HTTP Proxy Server**, type the URL of your proxy server.
  ![Field to type the HTTP Proxy Server URL](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/http-proxy-field.png)
  
5. Optionally, under **HTTP Proxy Exclusion**, type any hosts that do not require proxy access, separating hosts with commas. To exclude all hosts in a domain from requiring proxy access, you can use `.` as a wildcard prefix.  For example: `.octo-org.tentacle`
  ![Field to type any HTTP Proxy Exclusions](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/http-proxy-exclusion-field.png)

{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}
