admin/configuration/configuring-network-settings/enabling-subdomain-isolation.md, before:

---
title: 启用子域隔离
intro: '您可以设置子域隔离，将用户提供的内容与 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 设备的其他部分安全地隔离。'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/guides/installation/about-subdomain-isolation
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/enabling-subdomain-isolation
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/enabling-subdomain-isolation
  - /admin/configuration/enabling-subdomain-isolation
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
  - Infrastructure
  - Networking
  - Security
shortTitle: Enable subdomain isolation
ms.openlocfilehash: ec7b04f845d0ec44c3234ece0194d4396df54892
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '146332550'
---
## 关于子域隔离

子域隔离可以减少跨站脚本和其他相关漏洞。 有关详细信息，请参阅维基百科上的“[跨站脚本](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting)”。 强烈建议在 {% data variables.product.product_location %}. 上启用子域隔离。

启用子域隔离后，{% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} 会以子域替代多个路径。 启用子域隔离后，尝试访问某些用户提供内容的以前的路径（如 `http(s)://HOSTNAME/raw/`）可能会返回 `404` 错误。

| 未使用子域隔离的路径  | 使用子域隔离的路径   |
| --- | --- |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/assets/`      | `http(s)://assets.HOSTNAME/`      |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/avatars/`     | `http(s)://avatars.HOSTNAME/`     |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/codeload/`    | `http(s)://codeload.HOSTNAME/`    |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/gist/`        | `http(s)://gist.HOSTNAME/`        |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/media/`       | `http(s)://media.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/pages/`       | `http(s)://pages.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/raw/`         | `http(s)://raw.HOSTNAME/`         |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/render/`      | `http(s)://render.HOSTNAME/`      |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/reply/`       | `http(s)://reply.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/uploads/`     | `http(s)://uploads.HOSTNAME/`     | {% ifversion ghes %}
| `https://HOSTNAME/` | `http(s)://docker.HOSTNAME/`{% endif %}{% ifversion ghes %}
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/npm/` | `https://npm.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/rubygems/` | `https://rubygems.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/maven/` | `https://maven.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/nuget/` | `https://nuget.HOSTNAME/`{% endif %}{% ifversion ghes > 3.4 %}
| 不支持 | `https://containers.HOSTNAME/` |{% endif %}

## 先决条件

{% data reusables.enterprise_installation.disable-github-pages-warning %}

启用子域隔离之前，您必须为新域配置网络设置。

- 指定有效域名作为主机名，而不是指定 IP 地址。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[配置主机名](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-a-hostname)”。

{% data reusables.enterprise_installation.changing-hostname-not-supported %}

- 为上文列出的子域设置通配符域名系统 (DNS) 记录或单独的 DNS 记录。 建议为指向服务器 IP 地址的 `*.HOSTNAME` 创建一条 A 记录，从而无需为各个子域创建多条记录。
- 为 `*.HOSTNAME` 获取一个使用者可选名称 (SAN) 同时适用于 `HOSTNAME` 和通配符域 `*.HOSTNAME` 的通配符传输层安全 (TLS) 证书。 例如，如果主机名为 `github.octoinc.com`，则获取一个公用名值设为 `*.github.octoinc.com`、SAN 值同时设为 `github.octoinc.com` 和 `*.github.octoinc.com` 的证书。
- 在设备上启用 TLS。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[配置 TLS](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-tls/)”。

## 启用子域隔离

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %} {% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %} {% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.hostname-menu-item %}
4. 选择“子域隔离(建议)”。
  ![用于启用子域隔离的复选框](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/subdomain-isolation.png) {% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

admin/configuration/configuring-network-settings/enabling-subdomain-isolation.md, after:

---
title: Enabling subdomain isolation
intro: 'You can set up subdomain isolation to securely separate user-supplied content from other portions of your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} appliance.'
redirect_from:
  - /enterprise/admin/guides/installation/about-subdomain-isolation
  - /enterprise/admin/installation/enabling-subdomain-isolation
  - /enterprise/admin/configuration/enabling-subdomain-isolation
  - /admin/configuration/enabling-subdomain-isolation
versions:
  ghes: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
  - Infrastructure
  - Networking
  - Security
shortTitle: Enable subdomain isolation
---
## About subdomain isolation

Subdomain isolation mitigates cross-site scripting and other related vulnerabilities. For more information, see "[Cross-site scripting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting)" on Wikipedia. We highly recommend that you enable subdomain isolation on {% data variables.location.product_location %}.

When subdomain isolation is enabled, {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} replaces several paths with subdomains. After enabling subdomain isolation, attempts to access the previous paths for some user-supplied content, such as `http(s)://HOSTNAME/raw/`, may return `404` errors.

| Path without subdomain isolation  | Path with subdomain isolation   |
| --- | --- |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/assets/`      | `http(s)://assets.HOSTNAME/`      |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/avatars/`     | `http(s)://avatars.HOSTNAME/`     |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/codeload/`    | `http(s)://codeload.HOSTNAME/`    |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/gist/`        | `http(s)://gist.HOSTNAME/`        |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/media/`       | `http(s)://media.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/pages/`       | `http(s)://pages.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/raw/`         | `http(s)://raw.HOSTNAME/`         |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/render/`      | `http(s)://render.HOSTNAME/`      |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/reply/`       | `http(s)://reply.HOSTNAME/`       |
| `http(s)://HOSTNAME/uploads/`     | `http(s)://uploads.HOSTNAME/`     | {% ifversion ghes %}
| `https://HOSTNAME/` | `http(s)://docker.HOSTNAME/`{% endif %}{% ifversion ghes %}
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/npm/` | `https://npm.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/rubygems/` | `https://rubygems.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/maven/` | `https://maven.HOSTNAME/`
| `https://HOSTNAME/_registry/nuget/` | `https://nuget.HOSTNAME/`{% endif %}{% ifversion ghes > 3.4 %}
| Not supported | `https://containers.HOSTNAME/` |{% endif %}

## Prerequisites

{% data reusables.enterprise_installation.disable-github-pages-warning %}

Before you enable subdomain isolation, you must configure your network settings for your new domain.

- Specify a valid domain name as your hostname, instead of an IP address. For more information, see "[Configuring a hostname](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-a-hostname)."

{% data reusables.enterprise_installation.changing-hostname-not-supported %}

- Set up a wildcard Domain Name System (DNS) record or individual DNS records for the subdomains listed above. We recommend creating an A record for `*.HOSTNAME` that points to your server's IP address so you don't have to create multiple records for each subdomain.
- Get a wildcard Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate for `*.HOSTNAME` with a Subject Alternative Name (SAN) for both `HOSTNAME` and the wildcard domain `*.HOSTNAME`. For example, if your hostname is `github.octoinc.com`, get a certificate with the Common Name value set to `*.github.octoinc.com` and a SAN value set to both `github.octoinc.com` and `*.github.octoinc.com`.
- Enable TLS on your appliance. For more information, see "[Configuring TLS](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-tls/)."

## Enabling subdomain isolation

{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.access-settings %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_site_admin_settings.management-console %}
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.hostname-menu-item %}
4. Select **Subdomain isolation (recommended)**.
  ![Checkbox to enable subdomain isolation](/assets/images/enterprise/management-console/subdomain-isolation.png)
{% data reusables.enterprise_management_console.save-settings %}
