repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository.md, before:

---
title: 创建模板仓库
intro: '您可以将现有仓库设置为模板，以便您与其他人能够生成目录结构相同的新仓库{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes or ghec %}、分支{% endif %} 和文件。'
permissions: Anyone with admin permissions to a repository can make the repository a template.
redirect_from:
  - /articles/creating-a-template-repository
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/creating-a-template-repository
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: 创建模板仓库
---

{% note %}

**注意**：您的模板仓库不能包含使用 {% data variables.large_files.product_name_short %} 存储的文件。

{% endnote %}

要创建模板仓库，必须先创建一个仓库，然后将该仓库设置为模板。 关于创建仓库的更多信息，请参阅“[创建新仓库](/articles/creating-a-new-repository)”。

将仓库设置为模板后，有权访问仓库的任何人都可以生成与默认分支具有相同目录结构和文件的新仓库。{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes or ghec %} 他们还可以选择包含您的仓库中的所有其他分支。 从模板创建的分支具有不相关的历史记录，因此您无法创建拉取请求或在分支之间合并。{% endif %} 更多信息请参阅“[从模板创建仓库](/articles/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)”。

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
1. 选择 **Template repository（模板仓库）**。 ![将仓库设置为模板的复选框](/assets/images/help/repository/template-repository-checkbox.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@bcd6061a by PCIT

repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository.md, after:

---
title: 创建模板仓库
intro: 'You can make an existing repository a template, so you and others can generate new repositories with the same directory structure, branches, and files.'
permissions: Anyone with admin permissions to a repository can make the repository a template.
redirect_from:
  - /articles/creating-a-template-repository
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/creating-a-template-repository
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
shortTitle: 创建模板仓库
---

{% note %}

**注意**：您的模板仓库不能包含使用 {% data variables.large_files.product_name_short %} 存储的文件。

{% endnote %}

要创建模板仓库，必须先创建一个仓库，然后将该仓库设置为模板。 关于创建仓库的更多信息，请参阅“[创建新仓库](/articles/creating-a-new-repository)”。

After you make your repository a template, anyone with access to the repository can generate a new repository with the same directory structure and files as your default branch. They can also choose to include all the other branches in your repository. Branches created from a template have unrelated histories, so you cannot create pull requests or merge between the branches. 更多信息请参阅“[从模板创建仓库](/articles/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)”。

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
1. 选择 **Template repository（模板仓库）**。 ![将仓库设置为模板的复选框](/assets/images/help/repository/template-repository-checkbox.png)
