discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/participating-in-a-discussion.md, before:

---
title: 参与讨论
intro: '您可以在仓库的论坛中与社区和维护者交流 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上的项目。'
permissions: 'People with read access to a repository can participate in discussions in the repository. {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-permission-interact %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
shortTitle: 参与讨论
---


## 关于参与讨论

{% data reusables.discussions.about-discussions %} 更多信息请参阅“[关于讨论](/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)”。

除了开始或查看讨论之外，您还可以对讨论作者的原始评论做出响应。 您还可以通过回复其他社区成员在讨论中进行的个人评论，以及使用表情符号对评论做出反应来创建评论线程。

您可以阻止用户并报告破坏性内容，以便自己在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上保持一个安全愉快的环境。 更多信息请参阅“[保持您在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上的安全](/communities/maintaining-your-safety-on-github)”。

## 基本要求

必须对仓库启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %}，您才可以参与仓库中的讨论。 更多信息请参阅“[为仓库启用或禁用 {% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %}](/github/administering-a-repository/enabling-or-disabling-github-discussions-for-a-repository)”。

## 创建讨论

{% data reusables.discussions.starting-a-discussion %}

## 将评论标记为答案

对于仓库具有分类角色或更高角色的讨论作者和用户可以将评论标记为仓库中讨论的答案。

{% data reusables.discussions.marking-a-comment-as-an-answer %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@2e81e4b5 by PCIT

discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/participating-in-a-discussion.md, after:

---
title: 参与讨论
intro: '您可以在仓库的论坛中与社区和维护者交流 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上的项目。'
permissions: 'People with read access to a repository can participate in discussions and polls in the repository. People with read access to the source repository for organization discussions can participate in discussions and polls in that organization. {% data reusables.enterprise-accounts.emu-permission-interact %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
shortTitle: 参与讨论
---


## 关于参与讨论

{% data reusables.discussions.about-discussions %} 更多信息请参阅“[关于讨论](/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)”。

In addition to starting or viewing discussions and polls, you can comment in response to the original comment from the author of the discussion. 您还可以通过回复其他社区成员在讨论中进行的个人评论，以及使用表情符号对评论做出反应来创建评论线程。

您可以阻止用户并报告破坏性内容，以便自己在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上保持一个安全愉快的环境。 更多信息请参阅“[保持您在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上的安全](/communities/maintaining-your-safety-on-github)”。

## 基本要求

{% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %} must be enabled for the repository or organization for you to participate in a discussion in the repository or organization. For more information, see "[Enabling or disabling {% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %} for a repository](/github/administering-a-repository/enabling-or-disabling-github-discussions-for-a-repository)" and "[Enabling or disabling GitHub Discussions for an organization](/organizations/managing-organization-settings/enabling-or-disabling-github-discussions-for-an-organization)."

## 创建讨论

{% data reusables.discussions.starting-a-discussion %}

## Creating a poll

{% data reusables.discussions.starting-a-poll %}

## 将评论标记为答案

对于仓库具有分类角色或更高角色的讨论作者和用户可以将评论标记为仓库中讨论的答案。 Similarly, discussion authors and users with the triage role or greater for the source repository for organization discussions can mark a comment as the answer to a discussion in the organization.

{% data reusables.discussions.marking-a-comment-as-an-answer %}
