site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors-and-cookies.md, before:

---
title: GitHub 次级处理者和 Cookie
redirect_from:
  - /subprocessors
  - /github-subprocessors
  - /github-tracking
  - /github-cookies
  - /articles/github-subprocessors-and-cookies
  - /github/site-policy/github-subprocessors-and-cookies
versions:
  fpt: '*'
topics:
  - Policy
  - Legal
ms.openlocfilehash: a7f017ec2243c015d93797b0117229fe9fdb528c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d298d354a4585e6c154f2a8428aebb214d49e2a1
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/07/2022
ms.locfileid: '147858616'
---
生效日期：2022 年 9 月 1 日


GitHub 高度透明地公开我们将如何使用数据、如何收集数据以及与谁共享数据。 出于这个目的，我们提供本页面，以详细介绍[我们的次级处理者](#github-subprocessors)以及我们如何使用 [Cookie](#cookies-on-github)。

## GitHub 次级处理者

当我们与第三方次级处理者（例如我们的供应商和服务提供商）共享您的信息时，我们仍然对您的信息负责。 当我们引入新的供应商时，我们竭力维护您的信任，并要求所有供应商与我们订立数据保护协议，以限制他们处理用户的个人信息（在 [隐私声明](/articles/github-privacy-statement/)）。

当我们引入新的次级处理者处理我们用户的个人信息、删除次级处理者或更改我们使用次级处理者的方式时，我们将更新次级处理者列表。 您可以在 [https://www.github.com/privacy/subprocessors](https://www.github.com/privacy/subprocessors) 查看最新次级处理者列表并注册接收次级处理者列表更新。

如果您对新的次级处理者有疑问或顾虑，我们乐意为您提供帮助。 请通过 {% data variables.contact.contact_privacy %} 联系我们。

## GitHub 上的 Cookie

GitHub 使用 Cookie 提供和保护我们的网站，以及分析我们网站的使用情况，以便为您提供良好的用户体验。 如果您希望进一步了解 Cookie，以及我们如何及为何使用 Cookie，请阅读我们的[隐私声明](/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement#our-use-of-cookies-and-tracking)。 
 
您可以在 [https://github.com/privacy/cookies](https://github.com/privacy/cookies) 查看最新的 GitHub 上的 Cookie 列表并注册接收 Cookie 列表更新。

(!)请注意，尽管我们仅限于在提供外部功能以呈现外部内容时根据需要使用第三方 Cookie，但我们网站上的某些页面可能会设置其他第三方 Cookie。 例如，我们可能会嵌入来自其他站点的内容（如视频），而该站点设置 Cookie。 尽管我们会尽可能避免使用这些第三方 Cookie，但我们无法总是控制第三方内容会设置哪些 Cookie。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@ea0ef801 by PCIT

site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors-and-cookies.md, after:

---
title: GitHub Subprocessors and Cookies
redirect_from:
  - /subprocessors
  - /github-subprocessors
  - /github-tracking
  - /github-cookies
  - /articles/github-subprocessors-and-cookies
  - /github/site-policy/github-subprocessors-and-cookies
versions:
  fpt: '*'
topics:
  - Policy
  - Legal
---

Effective date: **September 1, 2022**


GitHub provides a great deal of transparency regarding how we use your data, how we collect your data, and with whom we share your data. To that end, we provide this page, which details [our subprocessors](#github-subprocessors), and how we use [cookies](#cookies-on-github).

## GitHub Subprocessors

When we share your information with third party subprocessors, such as our vendors and service providers, we remain responsible for it. We work very hard to maintain your trust when we bring on new vendors, and we require all vendors to enter into data protection agreements with us that restrict their processing of Users' Personal Information (as defined in the [Privacy Statement](/articles/github-privacy-statement/)).

When we bring on a new subprocessor who handles our Users' Personal Information, or remove a subprocessor, or we change how we use a subprocessor, we will update the list of subprocessors. You can view the current list of subprocessors, and sign up to receive subprocessor list updates, at [https://www.github.com/privacy/subprocessors](https://www.github.com/privacy/subprocessors).

If you have questions or concerns about a new subprocessor, we'd be happy to help. Please contact us via {% data variables.contact.contact_privacy %}.

## Cookies on GitHub

GitHub uses cookies to provide and secure our websites, as well as to analyze the usage of our websites, in order to offer you a great user experience. Please take a look at our [Privacy Statement](/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement#our-use-of-cookies-and-tracking) if you’d like more information about cookies, and on how and why we use them. 
 
You can view the current list of cookies on GitHub, and sign up to receive cookie list updates, at [https://github.com/privacy/cookies](https://github.com/privacy/cookies).

(!) Please note while we limit our use of third party cookies to those necessary to provide external functionality when rendering external content, certain pages on our website may set other third party cookies. For example, we may embed content, such as videos, from another site that sets a cookie. While we try to minimize these third party cookies, we can’t always control what cookies this third party content sets.
