organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator.md, before:

---
title: 将组织成员转换为外部协作者
intro: 如果组织的某些当前成员只需要访问特定仓库，例如顾问或临时员工，您可以将他们转换为*外部协作者*。
redirect_from:
  - /articles/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Organizations
  - Teams
shortTitle: 将成员转换为协作者
---

## 关于将组织成员转换为外部协作者

{% data reusables.organizations.owners-and-admins-can %} 将组织成员转换为外部协作者。

{% data reusables.organizations.outside-collaborators-use-seats %} {% data reusables.organizations.outside_collaborator_forks %}

将组织成员转换为外部协作者后，他们将只能访问其当前团队成员资格允许的仓库。 他们将不再是组织的正式成员，不再能够：

- 创建团队
- 查看所有组织成员和团队
- @提及任何可见团队
- 成为团队维护员

更多信息请参阅“[组织中的角色](/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/roles-in-an-organization)”。

建议查看组织成员对仓库的访问权限，以确保其访问权限符合您的预期。 更多信息请参阅“[管理个人对组织仓库的访问](/articles/managing-an-individual-s-access-to-an-organization-repository)”。

将组织成员转换为外部协作者时，他们作为组织成员的权限将保存三个月，因此，如果您在该时间范围内{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} 邀请他们重新加入{% else %} 将他们重新添加到{% endif %} 您的组织，您可以恢复其成员权限。 更多信息请参阅“[恢复组织的前成员](/articles/reinstating-a-former-member-of-your-organization)”。

## 将组织成员转换为外部协作者

{% note %}

**注意：** 如果组织所有者{% ifversion not fpt %} 或企业所有者{% endif %} 限制了您添加外部协作者的能力，则您可能无法将组织成员转换为外部协作者。

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.profile.access_org %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_org %}
{% data reusables.organizations.people %}
4. 选择要转换为外部协作者的人员。 ![选择了两名成员的成员列表](/assets/images/help/teams/list-of-members-selected-bulk.png)
5. 在成员列表的上方，使用下拉菜单并单击 **Convert to outside collaborator（转换为外部协作者）**。 ![含有将成员转换为外部协作者选项的下拉菜单](/assets/images/help/teams/user-bulk-management-options.png)
6. 阅读有关将成员转换为外部协作者的信息，然后单击 **Convert to outside collaborator（转换为外部协作者）**。 ![有关外部协作者权限的信息和转换为外部协作者按钮](/assets/images/help/teams/confirm-outside-collaborator-bulk.png)

## 延伸阅读

- “[将外部协作者添加到组织中的仓库](/articles/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization)”
- "[从组织仓库删除外部协作者](/articles/removing-an-outside-collaborator-from-an-organization-repository)"
- “[将外部协作者转换为组织成员](/articles/converting-an-outside-collaborator-to-an-organization-member)”

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@b7f0f7f7 by PCIT

organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator.md, after:

---
title: Converting an organization member to an outside collaborator
intro: 'If a current member of your organization only needs access to certain repositories, such as consultants or temporary employees, you can convert them to an outside collaborator.'
permissions: 'Organization owners can convert an organization member to an outside collaborator.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Organizations
  - Teams
shortTitle: Convert member to collaborator
---

## About conversion of organization members to outside collaborators

You can convert a member of an organization to an outside collaborator. For more information about outside collaborators, see "[Adding outside collaborators to repositories in your organization](/organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization)."

{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}If the organization is owned by an enterprise, converting{% elsif ghes or ghae %}Converting{% endif %} an organization member to an outside collaborator may be restricted. For more information, see "[Enforcing repository management policies in your enterprise]({% ifversion fpt %}/enterprise-cloud@latest{% endif %}/admin/policies/enforcing-policies-for-your-enterprise/enforcing-repository-management-policies-in-your-enterprise#enforcing-a-policy-for-inviting-{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}outside-{% endif %}collaborators-to-repositories){% ifversion ghec or ghes or ghae %}."{% elsif fpt %}" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} documentation.{% endif %}

{% data reusables.organizations.outside-collaborators-use-seats %} {% data reusables.organizations.outside_collaborator_forks %}

After converting an organization member to an outside collaborator, they'll only have access to the repositories that their current team membership allows. The person will no longer be an explicit member of the organization, and will no longer be able to:

- Create teams
- See all organization members and teams
- @mention any visible team
- Be a team maintainer

For more information, see "[Roles in an organization](/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/roles-in-an-organization)."

We recommend reviewing the organization member's access to repositories to ensure their access is as you expect. For more information, see "[Managing an individual's access to an organization repository](/articles/managing-an-individual-s-access-to-an-organization-repository)."

When you convert an organization member to an outside collaborator, their privileges as organization members are saved for three months so that you can restore their membership privileges if you{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} invite them to rejoin{% else %} add them back to{% endif %} your organization within that time frame. For more information, see "[Reinstating a former member of your organization](/articles/reinstating-a-former-member-of-your-organization)."

## Converting an organization member to an outside collaborator

{% note %}

**Note:** You may not be able to convert an organization member to an outside collaborator, if an organization owner{% ifversion not fpt %} or enterprise owner{% endif %} has restricted your ability to add outside collaborators.

{% endnote %}

{% data reusables.profile.access_org %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_org %}
{% data reusables.organizations.people %}
4. Select the person or people you'd like to convert to outside collaborators.
  ![List of members with two members selected](/assets/images/help/teams/list-of-members-selected-bulk.png)
5. Above the list of members, use the drop-down menu and click **Convert to outside collaborator**.
  ![Drop-down menu with option to convert members to outside collaborators](/assets/images/help/teams/user-bulk-management-options.png)
6. Read the information about converting members to outside collaborators, then click **Convert to outside collaborator**.
  ![Information on outside collaborators permissions and Convert to outside collaborators button](/assets/images/help/teams/confirm-outside-collaborator-bulk.png)

## Further reading

- "[Adding outside collaborators to repositories in your organization](/articles/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization)"
- "[Removing an outside collaborator from an organization repository](/articles/removing-an-outside-collaborator-from-an-organization-repository)"
- "[Converting an outside collaborator to an organization member](/articles/converting-an-outside-collaborator-to-an-organization-member)"
