admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/about-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise.md, before:

---
title: 关于企业的供应链安全
intro: 你可以启用可帮助开发人员了解和更新其代码所依赖的依赖项的功能。
shortTitle: About supply chain security
permissions: ''
versions:
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Security
  - Dependency graph
ms.openlocfilehash: f99085f6c484869623a81c7585216aca936929e1
ms.sourcegitcommit: fcf3546b7cc208155fb8acdf68b81be28afc3d2d
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/10/2022
ms.locfileid: '145100102'
---
可以允许用户通过{% ifversion ghes %}启用{% elsif ghae %}使用{% endif %} {% data variables.product.product_location %} 的依赖项关系图来识别其项目的依赖关系。 有关详细信息，请参阅“{% ifversion ghes %}[为企业启用依赖项关系图](/admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-the-dependency-graph-for-your-enterprise){% elsif ghae %}[关于依赖项关系图](/code-security/supply-chain-security/understanding-your-software-supply-chain/about-the-dependency-graph){% endif %}。”

还可以通过启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_alerts %}{% ifversion ghes > 3.2 %} 和 {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_updates %}{% endif %} 允许 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上的用户查找并修复其代码依赖项中的漏洞。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[为企业启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %}](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/enabling-dependabot-for-your-enterprise)”。

启用 {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_alerts %} 后，可以从 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上的 {% data variables.product.prodname_advisory_database %} 查看漏洞数据并手动同步数据。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[查看企业的漏洞数据](/admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/viewing-the-vulnerability-data-for-your-enterprise)”。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/about-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise.md, after:

---
title: About supply chain security for your enterprise
intro: You can enable features that help your developers understand and update the dependencies their code relies on.
shortTitle: About supply chain security
permissions: ''
versions:
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Enterprise
  - Security
  - Dependency graph
---

You can allow users to identify their projects' dependencies by {% ifversion ghes %}enabling{% elsif ghae %}using{% endif %} the dependency graph for {% data variables.location.product_location %}. For more information, see "{% ifversion ghes %}[Enabling the dependency graph for your enterprise](/admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/enabling-the-dependency-graph-for-your-enterprise){% elsif ghae %}[About the dependency graph](/code-security/supply-chain-security/understanding-your-software-supply-chain/about-the-dependency-graph){% endif %}."

You can also allow users on {% data variables.location.product_location %} to find and fix vulnerabilities in their code dependencies by enabling {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_alerts %}{% ifversion ghes > 3.2 %} and {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_updates %}{% endif %}. For more information, see "[Enabling {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} for your enterprise](/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/enabling-dependabot-for-your-enterprise)."

After you enable {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot_alerts %}, you can view vulnerability data from the {% data variables.product.prodname_advisory_database %} on {% data variables.location.product_location %} and manually sync the data. For more information, see "[Viewing the vulnerability data for your enterprise](/admin/code-security/managing-supply-chain-security-for-your-enterprise/viewing-the-vulnerability-data-for-your-enterprise)."
