admin/overview/creating-an-enterprise-account.md, before:

---
title: 创建企业帐户
intro: '如果您当前在单个组织中使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} ，则可以创建企业帐户来集中管理多个组织。'
versions:
  ghec: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
permissions: Organization owners can create an enterprise account.
shortTitle: 创建企业帐户
---

## 关于企业帐户创建

{% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 包括创建企业帐户的选项，该选项支持多个组织之间的协作，并为管理员提供单一的可见性和管理点。 更多信息请参阅“[关于企业帐户](/admin/overview/about-enterprise-accounts)”。

{% data reusables.enterprise.create-an-enterprise-account %} 如果您通过发票付款，则可以在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上自行创建企业帐户。 如果不是，您可以[联系我们的销售团队](https://github.com/enterprise/contact?ref_page=/pricing&ref_cta=Contact%20Sales&ref_loc=cards)转到发票。

企业帐户包含在 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 中，因此创建一个帐户不会影响您的帐单。

创建企业帐户时，现有组织将自动归企业帐户所有。 组织的所有当前所有者都将成为企业帐户的所有者。 组织的所有当前帐单管理员都将成为新企业帐户的帐单管理员。 组织的当前帐单详细信息（包括组织的帐单电子邮件地址）将成为新企业帐户的帐单详细信息。

## 在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上创建企业帐户

若要在 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 上创建企业帐户，您的组织必须使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 并通过发票付款。

{% data reusables.organizations.billing-settings %}
1. 单击 **Upgrade to enterprise account（升级到企业帐户）**。

   !["升级到企业帐户" 按钮的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/upgrade-to-enterprise-account.png)
1. 在“Enterprise name（企业名称）”下，键入企业帐户的名称。

   !["企业名称" 字段的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/enterprise-name-field.png)
1. 在“Enterprise URL slug（企业 URL 辅助信息域）”下，键入企业帐户的辅助信息。 此数据辅助信息将在企业的 URL 中使用。 例如，如果您选择 `octo-enterprise`，则企业的 URL 将为 `https://github.com/enterprises/octo-enterprise`。

   !["企业 URL 辅助信息域" 字段的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/enterprise-slug-field.png)
1. 单击 **Confirm and upgrade（确认并升级）**。

   !["确认并升级" 按钮的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/confirm-and-upgrade-button.png)
1. 阅读警告，然后单击 **Create enterprise account（创建企业帐户）**。

   !["创建企业帐户" 按钮的屏幕截图](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/create-enterprise-account-button.png)

## 后续步骤

创建企业帐户后，我们建议详细了解企业帐户的工作原理以及配置设置和策略。 有关详细信息，请遵循“[开始使用您的企业帐户](/admin/guides#get-started-with-your-enterprise-account)”学习路径。

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@cbfd3632 by PCIT

admin/overview/creating-an-enterprise-account.md, after:

---
title: Creating an enterprise account
intro: "If you're currently using {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} with a single organization, you can create an enterprise account to centrally manage multiple organizations."
versions:
  ghec: '*'
type: how_to
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Enterprise
  - Fundamentals
permissions: Organization owners can create an enterprise account.
shortTitle: Create enterprise account
---

## About enterprise account creation

{% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} includes the option to create an enterprise account, which enables collaboration between multiple organizations and gives administrators a single point of visibility and management. For more information, see "[About enterprise accounts](/admin/overview/about-enterprise-accounts)."

{% data reusables.enterprise.create-an-enterprise-account %} If you pay by invoice, you can create an enterprise account yourself on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. If not, you can [contact our sales team](https://github.com/enterprise/contact?ref_page=/pricing&ref_cta=Contact%20Sales&ref_loc=cards) to move to invoicing.

An enterprise account is included in {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %}, so creating one will not affect your bill.

When you create an enterprise account, your existing organization will automatically be owned by the enterprise account. All current owners of your organization will become owners of the enterprise account. All current billing managers of the organization will become billing managers of the new enterprise account. The current billing details of the organization, including the organization's billing email address, will become billing details of the new enterprise account.

If the organization is connected to {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} or {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_managed %} via {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}, upgrading the organization to an enterprise account **will not** update the connection. If you want to connect to the new enterprise account, you must disable and re-enable {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}.

- "[Managing {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}](/enterprise-server@latest/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/managing-github-connect)" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} documentation
- "[Managing {% data variables.product.prodname_github_connect %}](/github-ae@latest/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/managing-github-connect)" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_managed %} documentation

## Creating an enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}

To create an enterprise account on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}, your organization must be using {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} and paying by invoice.

{% data reusables.organizations.billing-settings %}
1. Click **Upgrade to enterprise account**.

   ![Screenshot of the "Upgrade to an enterprise account" button](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/upgrade-to-enterprise-account.png)
1. Under "Enterprise name", type a name for your enterprise account.

   ![Screenshot of the "Enterprise name" field](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/enterprise-name-field.png)
1. Under "Enterprise URL slug", type a slug for your enterprise account. This slug will be used in the URL for your enterprise. For example, if you choose `octo-enterprise`, the URL for your enterprise will be `https://github.com/enterprises/octo-enterprise`.

   ![Screenshot of the "Enterprise URL slug" field](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/enterprise-slug-field.png)
1. Click **Confirm and upgrade**.

   ![Screenshot of the "Confirm and upgrade" button](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/confirm-and-upgrade-button.png)
1. Read the warnings, then click **Create enterprise account**.

   ![Screenshot of the "Create enterprise account" button](/assets/images/help/business-accounts/create-enterprise-account-button.png)

## Next steps

After your enterprise account is created, we recommend learning more about how enterprise accounts work and configuring settings and policies. For more information, follow the "[Get started with your enterprise account](/admin/guides#get-started-with-your-enterprise-account)" learning path.
