education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/learn-with-github-classroom/view-autograding-results.md, before:

---
title: 查看自动评分结果
intro: 您可以在作业仓库中查看自动评分结果。
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/reviewing-auto-graded-work-students
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/view-autograding-results
---

### 关于自动分级

教师可以配置测试在您推送到 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上的作业仓库时自动检查您的工作。

如果您是学生，并且讲师已为 {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 中的作业配置自动评分，则您会在整个作业仓库找到自动评分测试结果。 如果提交的所有测试都成功，您将看到绿色复选标记。 如果提交的任何测试失败，您会看到红色的 X。您可以通过单击绿色复选标记或红色 X 查看详细日志。

### 查看作业仓库的自动评分结果

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 来运行自动评分测试。 有关查看自动评分测试的日志的详细信息，请参阅“[使用工作流程运行日志](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/using-workflow-run-logs#viewing-logs-to-diagnose-failures)”。

**Actions（操作）**选项卡显示测试运行的完整历史记录。

![选择了"所有工作流程"的"操作"选项卡](/assets/images/help/classroom/autograding-actions-tab.png)

您可以单击特定的测试运行来查看日志输出，如编译错误和测试失败。

![{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 中的"{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} 自动评分工作流程"测试结果日志 ](/assets/images/help/classroom/autograding-actions-logs.png)

### 延伸阅读

- "[关于状态检查](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-status-checks)"

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/learn-with-github-classroom/view-autograding-results.md, after:

---
title: View autograding results
intro: You can see results from autograding within the repository for your assignment.
versions:
  fpt: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/reviewing-auto-graded-work-students
  - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/view-autograding-results
---
## About autograding

Your teacher can configure tests that automatically check your work when you push to an assignment repository on {% data variables.product.product_location %}.

If you're a student and your instructor has configured autograding for your assignment in {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you'll find autograding test results throughout your assignment repository. If all tests succeed for a commit, you'll see a green checkmark. If any tests fail for a commit, you'll see a red X. You can see detailed logs by clicking the green checkmark or red X.

## Viewing autograding results for an assignment repository

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} uses {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} to run autograding tests. For more information about viewing the logs for an autograding test, see "[Using workflow run logs](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/using-workflow-run-logs#viewing-logs-to-diagnose-failures)."

The **Actions** tab shows the full history of test runs.

!["Actions" tab with "All workflows" selected](/assets/images/help/classroom/autograding-actions-tab.png)

You can click a specific test run to review log output, like compilation errors and test failures.

![The "{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} Autograding Workflow" test results logs in {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} ](/assets/images/help/classroom/autograding-actions-logs.png)

## Further reading

- "[About status checks](/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-status-checks)"
