account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps.md, before:

---
title: 请求组织批准 OAuth 应用程序
intro: '组织成员可以请求所有者批准对 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}组织资源的访问权限。'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-third-party-applications
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-your-authorized-applications
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
shortTitle: Request OAuth App approval
ms.openlocfilehash: 250de09ddc116aca7f4cdb8d07b6b267b7789dcf
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145164732'
---
## 请求组织批准您已为个人帐户授权的 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %} {% data reusables.user-settings.access_applications %} {% data reusables.user-settings.access_authorized_oauth_apps %}
3. 在应用程序列表中，单击您想要请求访问权限的 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}的名称。
![查看应用按钮](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-third-party-view-app.png)
4. 在你想要 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 访问的组织旁边，单击“请求访问权限”。
![“请求访问权限”按钮](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-third-party-request-access.png)
5. 审查关于请求 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 访问权限的信息后，单击“请求所有者的批准”。
![“请求审批”按钮](/assets/images/help/settings/oauth-access-request-approval.png)

## 延伸阅读

- [关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} 访问限制](/articles/about-oauth-app-access-restrictions)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@10de4453 by PCIT

account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps.md, after:

---
title: Requesting organization approval for OAuth Apps
intro: 'Organization members and outside collaborators can request that an owner approve access to organization resources for {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_apps %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-third-party-applications
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-your-authorized-applications
  - /articles/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
shortTitle: Request OAuth App approval
---

## About requesting organization approval for an {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}

Organization members can always request owner approval for {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_apps %} they'd like to use, and organization owners receive a notification of pending requests.{% ifversion limit-app-access-requests %} Outside collaborators can request owner approval for {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_apps %} they'd like to use if integration access requests are enabled. For more information, see "[Limiting OAuth App and GitHub App access requests](/organizations/managing-organization-settings/limiting-oauth-app-and-github-app-access-requests)."{% endif %}

## Requesting organization approval for an {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} you've already authorized for your personal account

{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_applications %}
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_authorized_oauth_apps %}
3. In the list of applications, click the name of the {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} you'd like to request access for.
![View application button](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-third-party-view-app.png)
4. Next to the organization you'd like the {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} to access, click **Request access**.
![Request access button](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-third-party-request-access.png)
5. After you review the information about requesting {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} access, click **Request approval from owners**.
![Request approval button](/assets/images/help/settings/oauth-access-request-approval.png)

## Further reading

- "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %} access restrictions](/articles/about-oauth-app-access-restrictions)"
