issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/tracking-work-with-project-boards/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board.md, before:

---
title: 存档项目板上的卡
intro: 您可以存档项目板卡，以整理工作流程而不失去项目的历史上下文。
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/tracking-the-progress-of-your-work-with-project-boards/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
  - /articles/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pull requests
shortTitle: 存档内置卡
---

{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

项目板中的自动化不适用于存档的项目板卡。 例如，如果您关闭项目板存档中的议题，存档的卡不会自动移到 "Done"（完成）列。 从项目板存档恢复卡时，该卡将回到存档它的列。

## 存档项目板上的卡

1. 在项目板中，找到要存档的卡片，然后单击 {% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}。 ![用于编辑项目板卡的选项列表](/assets/images/help/projects/select-archiving-options-project-board-card.png)
2. 单击 **Archive（存档）**。 ![从菜单中选择存档选项](/assets/images/help/projects/archive-project-board-card.png)

## 从侧栏恢复项目板中的卡

{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
2. 单击 {% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}，然后单击 **View archive（查看存档）**。 ![从菜单中选择查看存档选项](/assets/images/help/projects/select-view-archive-option-project-board-card.png)
3. 在要取消存档的项目板卡上方，单击 **Restore（恢复）**。 ![选择恢复项目板卡](/assets/images/help/projects/restore-card.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@407c4e01 by PCIT

issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/tracking-work-with-project-boards/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board.md, after:

---
title: 'Archiving cards on a {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}'
intro: 'You can archive {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} cards to declutter your workflow without losing the historical context of a project.'
redirect_from:
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/tracking-the-progress-of-your-work-with-project-boards/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
  - /articles/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
  - /github/managing-your-work-on-github/archiving-cards-on-a-project-board
versions:
  feature: projects-v1
topics:
  - Pull requests
shortTitle: 'Archive cards on {% data variables.product.prodname_project_v1 %}'
allowTitleToDifferFromFilename: true
---

{% data reusables.projects.project_boards_old %}

Automation in your {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} does not apply to archived {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} cards. For example, if you close an issue in a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}'s archive, the archived card does not automatically move to the "Done" column. When you restore a card from the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} archive, the card will return to the column where it was archived.

## Archiving cards on a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}

1. In a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %}, find the card you want to archive, then click {% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}. ![用于编辑项目板卡的选项列表](/assets/images/help/projects/select-archiving-options-project-board-card.png)
2. 单击 **Archive（存档）**。 ![从菜单中选择存档选项](/assets/images/help/projects/archive-project-board-card.png)

## Restoring cards on a {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} from the sidebar

{% data reusables.project-management.click-menu %}
2. 单击 {% octicon "kebab-horizontal" aria-label="The horizontal kebab icon" %}，然后单击 **View archive（查看存档）**。 ![从菜单中选择查看存档选项](/assets/images/help/projects/select-view-archive-option-project-board-card.png)
3. Above the {% data variables.projects.projects_v1_board %} card you want to unarchive, click **Restore**. ![选择恢复项目板卡](/assets/images/help/projects/restore-card.png)
