account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository.md, before:

---
title: 从协作者的仓库中删除您自己
intro: 如果您不再想要成为其他人仓库中的协作者，您可以删除自己。
redirect_from:
  - /leave-a-collaborative-repo
  - /leave-a-repo
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborator-s-repo
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborator-s-repository
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Remove yourself
ms.openlocfilehash: 3b760d7947d734d8fa6e1e366795ce698f9c0b7f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145164723'
---
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %} {% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.4 or ghae-issue-5658 %}
2. 在边栏的“代码、规划和自动化”部分，单击“{% octicon "repo" aria-label="The repo icon" %} 存储库”。
{% else %}
2. 在左侧边栏中，单击“存储库”。
  ![“存储库”选项卡](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-sidebar-repositories.png) {% endif %}
3. 在要离开的存储库旁边，单击“离开”。
  ![“离开”按钮](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-leave.png)
4. 仔细阅读警告，然后单击“I understand, leave this repository（我已了解，离开此仓库）”。
  ![警告你将离开的对话框](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-leave-confirmation.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@4baa6505 by PCIT

account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository.md, after:

---
title: Removing yourself from a collaborator's repository
intro: 'If you no longer want to be a collaborator on someone else''s repository, you can remove yourself.'
redirect_from:
  - /leave-a-collaborative-repo
  - /leave-a-repo
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborator-s-repo
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborator-s-repository
  - /articles/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
  - /account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Accounts
  - Repositories
shortTitle: Remove yourself
---
{% data reusables.user-settings.access_settings %}
{% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.4 or ghae > 3.4 %}
2. In the "Code, planning, and automation" section of the sidebar, click **{% octicon "repo" aria-label="The repo icon" %} Repositories**.
{% else %}
2. In the left sidebar, click **Repositories**.
  ![Repositories tab](/assets/images/help/settings/settings-sidebar-repositories.png)
{% endif %}
3. Next to the repository you want to leave, click **Leave**.
  ![Leave button](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-leave.png)
4. Read the warning carefully, then click "I understand, leave this repository."
  ![Dialog box warning you to leave](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-leave-confirmation.png)
