sponsors/getting-started-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors.md, before:

---
title: 关于 GitHub 赞助商
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 允许开发者社区直接在 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 上为他们设计、构建和维护所需开源项目的人员及组织提供经济支持。'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/about-github-sponsors
  - /github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors
versions:
  free-pro-team: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Open Source
  - Fundamentals
---

### 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}

{% data reusables.sponsors.sponsorship-details %}

{% data reusables.sponsors.no-fees %} 更多信息请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 的计费](/articles/about-billing-for-github-sponsors)”。

{% data reusables.sponsors.you-can-be-a-sponsored-developer %}更多信息请参阅“[关于开源贡献者的 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors-for-open-source-contributors)”和“[为用户帐户设置 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/setting-up-github-sponsors-for-your-user-account)”。

{% data reusables.sponsors.you-can-be-a-sponsored-organization %} 更多信息请参阅“[为组织设置 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/setting-up-github-sponsors-for-your-organization)”。

当您成为受赞助的开发者或组织时，{% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 的附加条款适用。 更多信息请参阅“[GitHub Sponsors 附加条款](/github/site-policy/github-sponsors-additional-terms)”。

### 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %}

{% note %}

**注：**{% data reusables.sponsors.matching-fund-eligible %}

{% endnote %}

{% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %} 旨在使 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 社区开发开源软件的成员获益，宣传 [{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 社区指导方针](/github/site-policy/github-community-guidelines)。 对被赞助组织的付款和来自组织的付款均不符合 {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %} 资格。

若要符合 {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %} 的资格，您必须创建吸引社区长期维持您发展的个人资料。 有关创建有吸引力的个人资料的更多信息，请参阅“[编辑 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 的个人资料详细信息](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/editing-your-profile-details-for-github-sponsors)”。

被赞助开发者之间的捐赠将不匹配。

{% data reusables.sponsors.legal-additional-terms %}

### 共享关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 的反馈

{% data reusables.sponsors.feedback %}

### 延伸阅读
- "[赞助开源贡献者](/sponsors/sponsoring-open-source-contributors)"
- "[通过 {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 接受赞助](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors)"
- {% data variables.product.prodname_blog %} 上的“[{% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} 团队常见问题](https://github.blog/2019-06-12-faq-with-the-github-sponsors-team/)”

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@44adbb5c by PCIT

sponsors/getting-started-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors.md, after:

---
title: About GitHub Sponsors
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} allows the developer community to financially support the people and organizations who design, build, and maintain the open source projects they depend on, directly on {% data variables.product.product_name %}.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/about-github-sponsors
  - /github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
type: overview
topics:
  - Open Source
  - Fundamentals
---

## About {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}

{% data reusables.sponsors.sponsorship-details %}

{% data reusables.sponsors.no-fees %} For more information, see "[About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/articles/about-billing-for-github-sponsors)."

{% data reusables.sponsors.you-can-be-a-sponsored-developer %} For more information, see "[About {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} for open source contributors](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/about-github-sponsors-for-open-source-contributors)" and "[Setting up {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} for your user account](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/setting-up-github-sponsors-for-your-user-account)."

{% data reusables.sponsors.you-can-be-a-sponsored-organization %} For more information, see "[Setting up {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} for your organization](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/setting-up-github-sponsors-for-your-organization)."

When you become a sponsored developer or sponsored organization, additional terms for {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} apply. For more information, see "[GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms](/free-pro-team@latest/github/site-policy/github-sponsors-additional-terms)."

## About the {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %}

{% note %}

**Note:** {% data reusables.sponsors.matching-fund-eligible %}

{% endnote %}

The {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %} aims to benefit members of the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} community who develop open source software that promotes the [{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} Community Guidelines](/free-pro-team@latest/github/site-policy/github-community-guidelines). Payments to sponsored organizations and payments from organizations are not eligible for {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %}.

To be eligible for the {% data variables.product.prodname_matching_fund %}, you must create a profile that will attract a community that will sustain you for the long term. For more information about creating a strong profile, see "[Editing your profile details for {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/editing-your-profile-details-for-github-sponsors)."

Donations between sponsored developers will not be matched.

{% data reusables.sponsors.legal-additional-terms %}

## Sharing feedback about {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}

{% data reusables.sponsors.feedback %}

## Further reading
- "[Sponsoring open source contributors](/sponsors/sponsoring-open-source-contributors)"
- "[Receiving sponsorships through {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %}](/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors)"
- "[Searching users and organizations based on ability to sponsor](/github/searching-for-information-on-github/searching-on-github/searching-users#search-based-on-ability-to-sponsor)"
- "[Searching repositories based on ability to sponsor](/github/searching-for-information-on-github/searching-on-github/searching-for-repositories#search-based-on-ability-to-sponsor)"
- "[FAQ with the {% data variables.product.prodname_sponsors %} team](https://github.blog/2019-06-12-faq-with-the-github-sponsors-team/)" on {% data variables.product.prodname_blog %}
