rest/packages.md, before:

---
title: 包
intro: '通过 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API，您可以管理 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 仓库和组织的软件包。'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - API
miniTocMaxHeadingLevel: 3
redirect_from:
  - /rest/reference/packages
ms.openlocfilehash: 5edb7e30b296626a53fdc41806bcfba88718e6b3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '147059920'
---
## 关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API

{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API 允许您使用 REST API 管理包。 要了解有关还原或删除包的详细信息，请参阅“[还原和删除包](/packages/learn-github-packages/deleting-and-restoring-a-package)”。

要使用此 API ，您必须使用个人访问令牌进行验证。 
  - 要访问包元数据，令牌必须包含 `read:packages` 范围。
  - 要删除包和包版本，令牌必须包含 `read:packages` 和 `delete:packages` 范围。
  - 要还原包和包版本，令牌必须包含 `read:packages` 和 `write:packages` 范围。

如果你的 `package_type` 为 `npm`、`maven`、`rubygems` 或 `nuget`，则令牌还必须包含 `repo` 范围，因为你的包从 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 存储库继承权限。 如果包在 {% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %} 中，则你的 `package_type` 为 `container`，包和令牌不需要 `repo` 范围即可访问或管理此 `package_type`。 `container` 包提供与存储库不同的精细权限。 有关详细信息，请参阅“[关于 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} 的权限](/packages/learn-github-packages/about-permissions-for-github-packages#about-scopes-and-permissions-for-package-registries)”。

如果您想使用 {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API 访问已启用 SSO 的组织中的资源，则必须对个人访问令牌启用 SSO。 有关详细信息，请参阅 {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} 文档中的“[授权个人访问令牌以用于 SAML 单一登录](/github/authenticating-to-github/authorizing-a-personal-access-token-for-use-with-saml-single-sign-on){% ifversion fpt %}”。{% else %}."{% endif %}

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

rest/packages.md, after:

---
title: Packages
intro: 'With the {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API, you can manage packages for your {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} repositories and organizations.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - API
miniTocMaxHeadingLevel: 3
redirect_from:
  - /rest/reference/packages
---

## About the {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API

The {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API enables you to manage packages using the REST API. To learn more about restoring or deleting packages, see "[Restoring and deleting packages](/packages/learn-github-packages/deleting-and-restoring-a-package)."

To use this API, you must authenticate using a {% data variables.product.pat_v1 %}.
  - To access package metadata, your token must include the `read:packages` scope.
  - To delete packages and package versions, your token must include the `read:packages` and `delete:packages` scopes.
  - To restore packages and package versions, your token must include the `read:packages` and `write:packages` scopes.

If your `package_type` is `npm`, `maven`, `rubygems`, or `nuget`, then your token must also include the `repo` scope since your package inherits permissions from a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} repository. If your package is in the {% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %}, then your `package_type` is `container` and your token does not need the `repo` scope to access or manage this `package_type`. `container` packages offer granular permissions separate from a repository. For more information, see "[About permissions for {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}](/packages/learn-github-packages/about-permissions-for-github-packages#about-scopes-and-permissions-for-package-registries)."

If you want to use the {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} API to access resources in an organization with SSO enabled, then you must enable SSO for your {% data variables.product.pat_v1 %}. For more information, see "[Authorizing a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} for use with SAML single sign-on](/github/authenticating-to-github/authorizing-a-personal-access-token-for-use-with-saml-single-sign-on){% ifversion fpt %}" in the {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} documentation.{% else %}."{% endif %}
