repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/configuring-tag-protection-rules.md, before:

---
title: Configuring tag protection rules
shortTitle: Tag protection rules
intro: You can configure tag protection rules for your repository to prevent contributors from creating or deleting tags.
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.tag-protection-rules %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '>3.4'
  ghae: issue-6337
  ghec: '*'
---

{% note %}

**Note:** Tag protection rules are currently in beta and subject to change.

{% endnote %}

When you add a tag protection rule, all tags that match the pattern provided will be protected. Only users with admin or maintain permissions in the repository will be able to create protected tags, and only users with admin permissions in the repository will be able to delete protected tags. 更多信息请参阅“[组织的仓库角色](/organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/repository-roles-for-an-organization#permissions-for-each-role)”。

Additionally, you can create custom repository roles to allow other groups of users to create or delete tags that match tag protection rules. 更多信息请参阅“[管理组织的自定义仓库角色](/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-custom-repository-roles-for-an-organization)”。

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
1. In the "Code and automation" section of the sidebar, click **{% octicon "tag" aria-label="The tag icon" %} Tags**.
1. Click **New rule**. ![New tag protection rule](/assets/images/help/repository/new-tag-protection-rule.png)
1. Under "Tag name pattern", type the pattern of the tags you want to protect. In this example, typing "\*" protects all tags. ![Set tag protection pattern](/assets/images/help/repository/set-tag-protection-pattern.png)
1. Click **Add rule**. ![Add tag protection rule](/assets/images/help/repository/add-tag-protection-rule.png)

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@6d2f037d by PCIT

repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/configuring-tag-protection-rules.md, after:

---
title: Configuring tag protection rules
shortTitle: Tag protection rules
intro: You can configure tag protection rules for your repository to prevent contributors from creating or deleting tags.
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.tag-protection-rules %}'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '>3.4'
  ghae: issue-6337
  ghec: '*'
---

{% note %}

**Note:** Tag protection rules are currently in beta and subject to change.

{% endnote %}

When you add a tag protection rule, all tags that match the pattern provided will be protected. Only users with admin or maintain permissions in the repository will be able to create protected tags, and only users with admin permissions in the repository will be able to delete protected tags. 更多信息请参阅“[组织的仓库角色](/organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/repository-roles-for-an-organization#permissions-for-each-role)”。 {% data variables.product.prodname_github_apps %} require the `Repository administration: write` permission to modify a protected tag.

Additionally, you can create custom repository roles to allow other groups of users to create or delete tags that match tag protection rules. 更多信息请参阅“[管理组织的自定义仓库角色](/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-custom-repository-roles-for-an-organization)”。

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
1. In the "Code and automation" section of the sidebar, click **{% octicon "tag" aria-label="The tag icon" %} Tags**.
1. Click **New rule**. ![New tag protection rule](/assets/images/help/repository/new-tag-protection-rule.png)
1. Under "Tag name pattern", type the pattern of the tags you want to protect. In this example, typing "\*" protects all tags. ![Set tag protection pattern](/assets/images/help/repository/set-tag-protection-pattern.png)
1. Click **Add rule**. ![Add tag protection rule](/assets/images/help/repository/add-tag-protection-rule.png)
