repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-branches-in-your-repository/renaming-a-branch.md, before:

---
title: 重命名分支
intro: 您可以更改仓库中分支的名称。
permissions: 'People with write permissions to a repository can rename a branch in the repository unless it is the [default branch](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches#about-the-default-branch){% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.3 %} or a [protected branch](/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/about-protected-branches){% endif %}. People with admin permissions can rename the default branch{% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.3 %} and protected branches{% endif %}.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
redirect_from:
  - /github/administering-a-repository/renaming-a-branch
  - /github/administering-a-repository/managing-branches-in-your-repository/renaming-a-branch
ms.openlocfilehash: 6e30c7c2615f8b3dc21075e24298796febbce314
ms.sourcegitcommit: 47bd0e48c7dba1dde49baff60bc1eddc91ab10c5
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 09/05/2022
ms.locfileid: '145129389'
---
## 关于重命名分支

您可以重命名 {% data variables.product.product_location %} 上仓库中的分支。 有关分支的详细信息，请参阅“[关于分支](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches)”。

当您在 {% data variables.product.product_location %}上重命名分支时，任何包含旧分支名称的网址都会自动重定向到重命名分支的等效 URL。 还更新了分支保护政策以及打开的拉取请求（包括复刻的拉取请求）的基础分支和草稿版本。 重命名完成后， {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 在仓库主页上提供说明，指示贡献者更新他们的本地 Git 环境。

虽然文件 URL 会自动重定向，但原始文件 URL 未被重定向。 此外，如果用户对前一个分支名称执行 `git pull`，则 {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} 不会执行任何重定向。

{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} 工作流不遵循重命名，因此，如果存储库发布了一个操作，任何使用 `@{old-branch-name}` 的操作都将中断。 您应该考虑添加带有原始内容的新分支，外加一个额外的提交报告，说明分支名称已弃用，并建议用户迁移到新的分支名称。

## 重命名分支

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %} {% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-branches %}
1. 在分支列表中，在要重命名的分支的右侧，单击 {% octicon "pencil" aria-label="The edit icon" %}。
    ![要重命名的分支右侧的铅笔图标](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-edit.png)
1. 为分支输入新名称。
    ![用于键入新分支名称的文本字段](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-type.png)
1. 查看有关本地环境的信息，然后单击“重命名分支”。
    ![本地环境信息和“重命名分支”按钮](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-rename.png)

## 在分支名称更改后更新本地克隆

在您重命名 {% data variables.product.product_name %} 仓库中的分支后，拥有该仓库本地克隆的所有协作者都需要更新克隆。

从计算机上的仓库本地克隆中，运行以下命令以更新默认分支的名称。

```shell
$ git branch -m <em>OLD-BRANCH-NAME</em> <em>NEW-BRANCH-NAME</em>
$ git fetch origin
$ git branch -u origin/<em>NEW-BRANCH-NAME</em> <em>NEW-BRANCH-NAME</em>
$ git remote set-head origin -a
```

（可选）运行下面的命令来删除对旧分支名称的跟踪引用。
```
$ git remote prune origin
```

Commit message:

Sync from github/docs@f31184c5 by PCIT

repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-branches-in-your-repository/renaming-a-branch.md, after:

---
title: Renaming a branch
intro: You can change the name of a branch in a repository.
permissions: 'People with write permissions to a repository can rename a branch in the repository unless it is the [default branch](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches#about-the-default-branch){% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.3 %} or a [protected branch](/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/about-protected-branches){% endif %}. People with admin permissions can rename the default branch{% ifversion fpt or ghec or ghes > 3.3 %} and protected branches{% endif %}.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
redirect_from:
  - /github/administering-a-repository/renaming-a-branch
  - /github/administering-a-repository/managing-branches-in-your-repository/renaming-a-branch
---
## About renaming branches

You can rename a branch in a repository on {% data variables.location.product_location %}. For more information about branches, see "[About branches](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches))."

When you rename a branch on {% data variables.location.product_location %}, any URLs that contain the old branch name are automatically redirected to the equivalent URL for the renamed branch. Branch protection policies are also updated, as well as the base branch for open pull requests (including those for forks) and draft releases. After the rename is complete, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} provides instructions on the repository's home page directing contributors to update their local Git environments.

Although file URLs are automatically redirected, raw file URLs are not redirected. Also, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} does not perform any redirects if users perform a `git pull` for the previous branch name.

{% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflows do not follow renames, so if your repository publishes an action, anyone using that action with `@{old-branch-name}` will break. You should consider adding a new branch with the original content plus an additional commit reporting that the branch name is deprecated and suggesting that users migrate to the new branch name.

## Renaming a branch

{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.navigate-to-branches %}
1. In the list of branches, to the right of the branch you want to rename, click {% octicon "pencil" aria-label="The edit icon" %}.
    ![Pencil icon to the right of branch you want to rename](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-edit.png)
1. Type a new name for the branch.
    ![Text field for typing new branch name](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-type.png)
1. Review the information about local environments, then click **Rename branch**.
    ![Local environment information and "Rename branch" button](/assets/images/help/branch/branch-rename-rename.png)

## Updating a local clone after a branch name changes

After you rename a branch in a repository on {% data variables.product.product_name %}, any collaborator with a local clone of the repository will need to update the clone.

From the local clone of the repository on a computer, run the following commands to update the name of the default branch.

```shell
$ git branch -m OLD-BRANCH-NAME NEW-BRANCH-NAME
$ git fetch origin
$ git branch -u origin/NEW-BRANCH-NAME NEW-BRANCH-NAME
$ git remote set-head origin -a
```

Optionally, run the following command to remove tracking references to the old branch name.
```
$ git remote prune origin
```
